The train is already here.
Alex would like to do that, but unfortunately he doesn't have enough time.
I know that Jack could do that if he needed to.
It's not going to get any better.
Please make Jacob stop doing that.
Jami wasn't sure which way to go.
I'm looking for you.
Jacob didn't say Eva lied.
James was the one who told Lucy to do that.
James knows there's only one thing he can do.
I wonder if I'd be able to do that.
Muhammad says someday he'll be able to play the English horn as well as Olivia.
If I don't do that now, I never will.
How much cheese should I buy?
All you have to do is to push this button.
Let Jack send the letter.
James doesn't seem to mind that his daughter is dating John.
Would you like to do that with us?
We were a couple.
He has a wife and kids.
We need to prepare for the worst.
I forget your telephone number.
Why do you like Boston so much?
Harry can take his time. Tell him there's no need to hurry.
Which fruit do you like the best?
I can't leave Boston now.
Jami didn't want a party.
She comes from Italy.
I used to go running every day after work.
Weapons are forbidden here.
You know so many things about the Chinese language... It's just as if you were Chinese yourself.
I don't know what's going on there.
James and I are about the same age.
Harry eats less than Valentina does.
She said that she was ill.
It's a complete joke.
I thought that you said you didn't speak French.
Oscar drives carefully.
Harry won't ever be able to win.
I didn't do much last year.
Turn off the light.
Get there early.
Go and see who it is.
Adam and Monica told John they wouldn't be at his party.
Did you guys hear that?
I am packing up my things.
Did you tell Joe what to buy?
Tell me who else is on your list.
I know that James is going to go, no matter what Eva says.
Joe has won all three events this year.
He shot me.
Alex and Emma were walking side by side.
The meeting took place last month.
Adam disappointed me.
I wonder whether or not Charlie is still single.
The cause of death seems to be a gunshot wound.
I think Jami can understand French fairly well.
Jacob is headed for Boston.
I'm sick and tired of pretending that I'm something that I'm not.
They decided to get married next month.
You prefer patients who can't talk, don't you?
I think that Adam didn't do that yesterday, but I'm not sure.
Patience wins out in the end.
How else do you deal with something like that?
When was the last time you borrowed books from the library?
Valentina is probably not as rich as she claims to be.
He betrayed me.
Go see her.
Do you swim often?
Please hand in your homework.
George and Valentina knew they could do it.
I didn't do that for very long.
That patient has been in the hospital for a while now, but doesn't seem to have gotten the least bit better.
I like George. He's fun to hang out with.
Muhammad hasn't been here in a long time.
I'm sorry, I don't think I can.
You don't know what it is you've got until it's gone.
Were we really there for thirty minutes?
Jack said he assumed you wouldn't want to do that.
What's this building used for?
What does one call this?
Are you eating right?
Every spring I am anxious to get out in the garden again.
I love American movies.
You can come along if you want.
What's done is done.
He is a kind person.
Fine, I'll do it.
He ran a hand through her hair.
Alex doesn't seem convinced that Catherine wants to do that.
I couldn't stay even if I wanted to.
I know Harry knows where you did that.
A fire broke out in the mine.
I know that Jami is afraid to go out after dark.
He wasted that which he had received from his father.
I would have gone with you if you'd invited me.
Charlie hid himself under the table.
What leads you to the conclusion that I wouldn't agree?
Such a thing cannot be found everywhere.
Somebody has left his hat.
I am watching a movie right now.
Is it true that you're Jami's sister?
Jack is going to be back any minute.
Oscar and Carmen are playing cards in the next room.
Muhammad thought that Olivia seemed really busy.
William has a good brain.
I loved her.
Oscar said he wished he hadn't had to do that by himself.
Does it matter to you how much it costs?
He had everything on that computer.
It took James an hour to get to school.
Tommy opened fire on the crowd.
Muhammad isn't too old to do it.
Alex thought Eva would be in Boston for three weeks.
I don't think that Adam is dangerous.
The language I'm learning now is not the same language he's learning.
I like being part of this group.
You may say that it's shit.
You should do anything that is necessary to be happy.
The only person Tommy says he'll talk to is Catherine.
Several candles were burning.
Some people believe that black cats bring bad luck.
Please have someone else do it.
Eva told Oscar that she was in Boston last Monday.
Opera! He cannot even sing children's songs!
Tommy asked Monica if she'd mind closing the windows.
You're going to love it.
I feel much better.
I'm drunk, but I can still speak German.
Anna said she was somewhat confused.
Harry is clearly busy.
I didn't say much.
James shouldn't do that.
My room wasn't clean.
Have you heard about the accident?
I'm going to go out on a date with her.
Jacob is going to Lucy's house this afternoon.
Why do I need a lawyer?
Jacob never got married.
Oscar and Alice are waiting for someone to pick them up.
William told me that he wasn't planning on doing that.
I just need you to sign this.
I'm sorry that it happened like this.
We are subject to the laws of nature.
Speak more quietly, please.
I'll stay at home tomorrow.
Harry and Anna say they're not enjoying themselves.
I see your horse.
All the world loves a lover.
Adam said that he hopes you won't do that alone.
I didn't know that you wanted to go to Boston with us.
William should do that inside.
I thought you were staying at Oliver's.
I'm sure you are wrong.
Muhammad thought Lucy would be bored, but he was wrong.
He didn't come, with the excuse that he was sick.
Jacob and Emma say they don't think John should do that.
It's only a stone's throw away from where I was born.
We've all done that a few times.
William and Laur are doing everything John asked them to do.
I'm really into football.
A man of responsibility, he didn't leave the matter alone.
I met him while going back home.
James showed Laur a picture of John and another boy.
I know George has been busy.
George looked at Emma, but said nothing.
Sometimes the facts don't seem to matter in politics.
Is your passport ready?
Joe wanted to kiss Olivia, but he wasn't sure if she wanted him to kiss her.
Jack opened the window even though his mother told him not to.
They've just left.
He explained the rule to me.
He was handsome.
I can't drink this stuff.
You broke the computer. Nice going, genius.
Adam promised me he'd come early.
You take things too much to heart, Anne.
Tommy and Eva are both in Boston.
I hope Harry and Emma aren't faster at doing that than I am.
Muhammad didn't say what he was going to do.
You've been telling lies.
Jack isn't in a very good mood.
What do you call your dog?
Maybe you'll like it here.
He spoke to me about it.
Try this hat on and see if it fits you.
Adam and Margaret are going to need everyone's help.
Be careful! The soup is very hot.
The woman to whom you were talking is my sister.
I was in Boston, too.
It probably won't be worth the wait.
Muhammad and Carmen said some men had attacked them.
Jacob said he didn't remember asking you to do that.
See if the gas is turned off.
Oliver and Anna are about the same height.
Where should I pick the tickets up?
Go do as you like.
You can take today off.
Laur told me why she'd decided to study French.
He decided to become her husband.
Alex is really poor.
The street in front of our house is empty.
We should hang out more often.
He came in while we were at table.
Have you ever visited your sister?
I don't have time for this right now.
You made cookies, didn't you?
That looks like him.
Charlie and Catherine seem to be having a very serious conversation.
What movie do you want to watch next?
We should all work together.
Your problems are nothing compared to mine.
Joe arrived after midnight.
I don't think that I'll ever be able to do that.
Harry will probably be here this afternoon.
She said to her, "Go, my daughter."
It's not easy for me to travel alone in Japan.
But he needed a job.
I never said a word.
I need to finish what I'm doing.
Catherine says she never cried.
Help me to understand.
This is the first time I've ever made myself up.
Jami wants to build his dream house.
Please give us your side of the story.
Don't you want to talk to me?
They had been dancing for an hour when there was a knock on the door.
Only William would've known that.
I still do that as often as possible.
He's much more into her than she is into him.
I've got an idea.
Do you still do that here?
Oscar is sure Susie will cry.
I haven't yet told anyone what I want to do.
I think we'd better not say anything to Oliver about this.
Why wouldn't you let me drive your car?
William put a finger to his lips.
Adam had a weird dream last night.
I should have read the insurance policy more carefully.
William and I often do that together.
We'll all be together soon.
Lean in closer.
It's impossible to work in such circumstances.
I may have to fire him.
My son thinks women are stronger than men.
Oliver sat on the bench next to Anna.
They don't do that, do they?
I'll try to finish doing my homework before dinner.
It's not on the wall.
Alex was the one who convinced Susie not to do that.
I know that it's hard to believe.
I know Oscar will be faster at doing that than Julia.
I'm not sure where Jack and Eva are from.
I don't know how to help William.
You're wonderful people.
She said that she was afraid.
I'm pretty sure everything is OK.
Adam is in the third grade, isn't he?
Breathe deeply!
You're a good boss.
I must refuse.
I can't stay long.
Focus your camera on the flower.
I've found a new job.
Oliver knew that Julia wouldn't lie about something like that.
You just said it was up to me.
What a wonderful party!
I want to say I'm sorry.
The finish of the table was perfect.
Make sure to turn off the TV.
Can you remember when Charlie joined our company?
Jami says he isn't feeling any better.
Laur is concerned about her safety.
You have only yourself to blame.
I, as an American, admire Lincoln.
May I visit your home one of these days?
I didn't know you were going to let Jack do that again.
Muhammad and Margaret told me that they were going to help.
At night you sleep.
Either way's fine with me.
I hope Joe doesn't want to go to Australia with me.
Where did he buy all these?
Olivia's pride won't let her admit she's wrong.
The teacher of German looked like a German woman.
I didn't know you used to do that when you lived in Australia.
I got a lucky break.
You need to put your foot down.
I had to study French in high school.
Harry had a good reason for not being there.
The police think it's a suicide.
Prevent him from going.
She took over the business after the death of her husband.
Are they here/there/in?
It surprises most people to find out that the prison warden is a woman.
Tommy is the only one who came to help.
There is a good argument for that decision.
I'll have to deal with it somehow.
Here's what I mean.
What did you turn up?
I don't see them anywhere.
May I make so bold as to request your assistance?
I'm pretty sure Oliver is in love with Julia.
We're William's family.
What is Germany's highest mountain?
I proved her wrong.
It's time to change that.
That kiss was amazing.
That isn't new.
It was clear Jacob had done that for us.
There's just no way that I can do that.
Let the others write in English and write in your own language.
I don't go fishing as much as Oliver does.
Alex picked up the box and tried to open it.
Do you have pictures with your wife?
I'm sending James to school in Australia.
Are you going to sit with him?
He has a pen in his hand.
William won't stop you.
There's a hotel across the street.
Let me know when it's time.
Can anything make her happy?
I think Harry got home by himself.
Who did Linda run away with?
I thought you enjoyed swimming.
You've got a big mouth.
Alex and Catherine have done their best.
I think I would like to talk with William about this before making a decision.
We're a bit late.
Can I question her?
I think that Muhammad will stay in Australia all summer.
I was always busy back then.
What are you thinking about then?
Oscar likes to talk about his children.
Let's find out where Muhammad lives.
I was hoping Joe knew what we were supposed to do.
Jacob said that Alice was a bad influence.
The roads are fantastic.
He was a brave soldier.
Oliver isn't going to forget that, is he?
Adam is half asleep.
I will ask him tomorrow.
She has lost her keys.
Would you please slide the van door open?
We never wanted to leave Boston.
I have trouble talking about my feelings.
I don't even like you.
Please pass this note to Jacob.
I'm more than grateful to you for your help.
I haven't sold anything all day.
If you're not happy, quit.
He trained his dog to fetch the newspaper.
They don't talk to their neighbors.
I want you to know something.
Are you feeling okay?
You're a loser, Joe.
You remember all that stuff?
Tommy said he didn't have anything to write with.
Harry would go to Boston with us if he had the time.
Muhammad didn't do what you said he did.
Anna wants Jack to know that she loves him.
We haven't seen him since that time.
They've done what they had to do.
What kind of clothes should I take to Boston with me?
Neither Jacob nor Lucy has gone back home to Australia.
In order to improve your language skills, try to find books written in the language you are learning.
I promised Adam that I wouldn't do that.
Joe took everything out of the box.
I gave you my word.
I'm not going to show any fear.
His report was a copy-and-paste of another.
Eva told me she wants to go to Boston.
Speak your point.
Tommy is really scared.
Jacob was the only one who needed to do that.
I was expecting them.
You're already leaving us?
Jacob has met Catherine.
They can't get their car to start.
Adam will need to do that again.
I don't think that I'd make a very good father.
Do those guys go to your school?
Joe wrapped himself in his blanket.
He is dead and buried now.
Jacob is too fat for Catherine.
Tommy got in his car and started the engine.
How did you know Muhammad wasn't the one who did that?
I don't much like that idea.
I don't like being inside.
It's really raining hard, isn't it? Did you get wet?
Maybe Adam will stay in Boston for a month or so.
He stood up with his hat in his hand.
It isn't exactly a secret.
Please pop the trunk.
I made for the door.
Alex and Laur said they didn't cry.
How can someone like me get a loan?
Tommy seems a little happier today.
I'm not going second, I'm going third.
Harry will probably never forgive himself for doing that.
Why is Charlie so sore?
I didn't know that Harry would allow me to do that here.
I know William is a little upset.
He said he was at school.
Oscar told Anna he didn't win.
Valentina understood why James didn't want to go to Boston with her.
I have to go to a meeting now.
Oscar had to say something.
Have you spoken with her?
Every Christian has the General Calling.
It was very nice of you to help Harry.
Alex and Eva told me they hated Christmas.
Muhammad is waiting for you in your office.
The time will come when you will know the truth.
I should try to do that, right?
I don't want to hurt my son's feelings.
Charlie will go to Australia next month.
I wonder why Muhammad was planning to do that.
We know each other very well.
He admitted he stole the gold.
I don't think this movie is very interesting.
Didn't you know that Harry was going to be in Boston this week?
Alex refused to give the money back.
We walked in the park.
Joe told me that he was scared.
Harry told me that he thought Boston wasn't as safe as it used to be.
As long as we live, we should work.
She told me about a place where I could stay for cheap.
Oscar and Lucy said that they'd try doing that again.
I think we should tell Oliver.
Margaret killed herself three years ago.
Nobody knew Joe was here.
They released Alex.
Adam couldn't get his gloves on.
Do you know when they will return?
I hope to see you this Friday.
When are you going to give me my book back?
I can't even walk, let alone run.
William thought that it was unfair.
Adam and Valentina don't want to go back home.
Let go of my hair.
I forgot to phone her today.
Jack wasn't safe.
I don't want to hear about him.
Tommy probably doesn't know he isn't supposed to park there.
We should talk sometime.
I have an appointment on Monday.
We are not human beings having a spiritual experience; we are spiritual beings having a human experience.
He is above doing such a thing.
My dog was run over by a truck. He was not killed, but his foot was badly injured.
He's going to have a heart attack.
You must have a reason for telling me.
Go back home.
James said he'd help you do that as well.
I hope that you don't catch a cold.
Please hold the line a moment.
Monica doesn't often do that by herself.
He is in perfect shape.
This book has a lot of pictures.
I didn't get rich doing that.
Mary may not be in as much of a hurry to do that as you think she is.
Let him go.
She cannot play the piano.
She asked me where she should put her coat.
Why were you in Australia?
They took some things out of their bags.
Let's get somebody to take our picture.
That doesn't work for me.
His death was great shock to his wife.
As soon as I get up, I have a shower.
I can't remember the last time we had a white Christmas.
I guess that's not what Adam wanted.
Joe has been going with Jane for almost a year now.
I didn't do what I should have done.
Nothing is here.
Joe and Susie are going to need a little more time to finish doing that.
You sure have a lot of free time.
Let's drink this beer.
I'd like to go to Adam's and talk to him.
This dog is stupid.
I think Adam has been up to something.
Why don't you tell us a little bit about yourselves?
What do you think the best way to lose weight is?
Sorry for bad-mouthing you the other time.
The two boys lived alone with a lovely cat.
They believe that they can win.
It's about time for us to have another party.
Have them call me.
Adam has lost about thirty pounds.
I tried to get here on time.
The girls run and play.
Why do you keep looking in your rear-view mirror?
Now that I have a job, I can be independent of my parents.
Do you really think doing that would be safe?
Jacob said this belonged to him.
Can I say this one last time?
Alice knows what she wants to say.
Harry still doesn't understand.
This is excellent wine.
My life was a wreck.
He is bad at driving.
George knew better than to try to kiss Margaret in public.
I dreamed that you wanted to kill me.
What's the worst thing that could possibly happen?
She hates parties.
It's really good.
Harry said that he thought Anna might have to stay in Australia until October.
George is a book lover.
This candle you see here is the last one I have.
Two minds are better than one.
I think Harry is only pretending to be asleep.
Mary says she doesn't believe Alex would do that by himself.
A dog is faithful.
I don't think I can do that today.
You look pretty young.
Who can stop us now?
I can't believe you would say something like that!
Oliver and Monica said they didn't know who John was planning on going with.
I know what's happened to Joe.
He lived on his own for years.
Oscar and Julia said they won't agree to do that.
Emma isn't as good at French as you think she is.
Why isn't George here with us?
They are separated by a great distance.
Tommy wasn't willing to try doing that again.
I'm glad that I did that.
Tokyo is a very big city.
I don't throw rocks at anyone.
Jimmy is easy for me to get along with.
He told me he wasn't bored.
Does Joe know you want to buy a new computer?
I will make a man of you.
I don't plan to buy anything today.
I get hot.
Jami says I shouldn't do that.
My best friend lied to me.
I can already speak English.
There was no place to buy food.
It's obvious Harry can't do that without some help.
I know that I'm not supposed to help James do that anymore.
My father didn't say a word during dinner.
Alex is a new hire.
What's your favorite local restaurant?
When teaching, men learn.
When I was a child, I played with Play-Doh.
She said more than she should've.
Nobody wants to be my friend anymore.
This is going to take forever.
Harry found Eva's ring behind that couch.
Would you mind waiting out here, please?
We definitely plan on doing that.
I'd like to teach in a school with highly-motivated students.
I don't think that Alex can understand French.
Harry likes Boston.
He called for beer.
She paid a bill.
All I ask in return is to be left in peace.
I invited Adam to dinner tonight.
I'm not going to need any help.
I wouldn't have done it.
My ears burn.
I have a lot of plans for the future.
You may know Jacob.
The girl cried out for help.
Muhammad doesn't think that he has anything to do with the matter.
Who raised you?
William says he plans to do that.
Joe can stay with us if he likes.
Dan is on his way home.
I just let things fall apart.
Susie told Jacob that she was in Boston last weekend.
How exactly did James help you?
I didn't stay there very long.
Harry said nobody else was there.
Muhammad opened the door and was surprised to see Emma.
Oscar makes more money than Mary.
George is kind of rude.
I know that you need to go to Boston next month.
I will have finished the work before you return.
Your jacket and tie don't go together.
Usually, we shake hands when we meet someone for the first time.
Time is changing.
We should play golf sometime.
Every day one should at least hear one little song, read one good poem, see one fine painting and -- if at all possible -- speak a few reasonable words.
This building belongs to us.
They saw they had no choice.
She almost drowned in the river.
Did you say anything to them?
It smells like it's rotten.
I know what you all are thinking.
James is trying not to lose his balance.
I admit Oscar is right.
The person I am angry with is my brother.
Everyone is in the living room watching TV.
Men and women usually do that differently.
Muhammad said he didn't have to do that tomorrow.
You do that!
I'll guide you.
I wish it were that simple.
He's always burning the midnight oil.
What happened exactly?
I'm meeting someone for dinner.
I have the same feelings.
I know Jacob knew who was going to do that for him.
Adam is part of our group.
Does Joe like his job?
It is vain to argue with them about the problem.
Jacob holds a high position in an oil company.
Do you have any proof?
Jack is totally cool with that.
I didn't think you'd forget to tell Jacob what to do.
They worked until they dropped.
Alex said that he was too drunk to do that.
I did what I had to do, and if I had to do it again, I would do it again...
Do you know anyone who's gone to Boston?
It took him a moment to realize where he was after he came to.
No, I was at home!
I'm as disappointed as you are.
We don't have any food.
Your clothes are wet.
Tell Muhammad there's no need to hurry.
I might not be able to go to Australia with you next week.
Tommy isn't as confident as he used to be.
Adam and Margaret asked if it would be all right if they did that.
He does like jazz, doesn't he?
I made sure of that.
She's in love with you.
I hope Joe is outside waiting for us right now.
Please make sure Alex and Monica know what they're supposed to do.
I'll give you a shot.
They don't like me.
That sounds crazy.
Oscar would like you to do that, too.
James gave his cat to Laur.
I'd love to leave early.
I told him that he was wrong.
Steve is an American name.
Get me an extra blanket.
Finish cleaning of the swimming pool and the boss will pay you.
Did anyone follow you?
Are you sure this is Harry's?
I don't remember whether the box was empty or not.
I appreciate your kind letter.
I had to lie to everyone.
You are tired this evening.
Eva said she won't be allowed to do that anymore.
Are you still having trouble doing that?
I don't know how healthy it is.
What don't you want me to do?
I've agreed to come back.
That may not be possible.
Muhammad put the envelope on the table.
This is going to be easy.
I don't know how I'm going to get William to help us.
They said that they were serious.
I'm very happy I did that yesterday.
Is his aunt eating an apple or a banana?
For an adventure you do not necessarily have to pay.
Tommy and Carmen are available.
Are you free now?
Don't ask me so many questions. Use your head.
You can even be a president!
She burned all of her old books.
This is a really good result.
Maybe someday you'll understand that.
What do they want from us?
George thinks Monica won't be embarrassed.
I like your sweater.
We're stuck in traffic.
I'd like to replace it.
You're in trouble again, aren't you?
Smoking is forbidden here.
He put away his cellphone when he was in town.
Adam just got his driver's license.
Did you know we lose skin every day?
He found us.
There's a chance Charlie won't be at work on Monday.
I wonder if Oscar is all right.
I want you to stay here with me.
Let's tell him what happened.
I've never actually seen it.
I keep dreaming about her.
You broke your leg.
I got out of the way.
Jacob is going to be at home until noon.
She did everything she could to help.
Smoking and drinking aren't allowed.
I'm going to leave the three of you alone.
Bow to the front.
Nobody answered the door.
Muhammad says he hasn't been sleeping well.
I need to ask my mom if it's okay first.
Please promise me that you'll never lie to me again.
Do you have anything hot?
I want the money you owe me and I want it now.
I wonder whether or not James could talk Emma into helping us tomorrow.
You've taken a big step today.
Guess what George said.
This story is by far more interesting than that one.
I know you don't live here anymore.
I don't know her.
You're such a freak.
You'll thank me later.
Maybe she's just being polite.
Why did you pick him?
We must get rid of Joe.
Harry did something that he shouldn't have.
You talk so fast, I can't get a word.
I had many friends when I was living in Boston.
Jack stopped when he heard his name being called.
They have to brush their teeth.
We were beaten.
There's a hole in this bucket.
We won the contest!
You mustn't give in to their demands.
Did you agree with them?
Some parts of this city are very ugly.
Oscar seemed to be very pleased with himself.
I know that you stole it.
I'm sure it wouldn't be too hard to learn how to use that application.
The police are following us.
We're going to have to shut down.
I watch TV after I finish my homework.
They say they don't want to go.
He must've done that by himself.
Oscar was able to park behind the hotel.
Tommy has been accused of killing Julia.
I slept late.
That woman knows where I live.
I'm very short of money.
Harry didn't give me my money back.
How do you rank that?
James was messing around with the dishes.
George said Alice wasn't retired.
We're Jacob's sons.
It took me three years.
I'm supposed to do that alone.
The United States was at war in 1864.
Just promise me that you won't do anything stupid.
Tommy has to go to Australia on business.
Please be quiet for mercy's sake during the lesson.
I think that you shouldn't have done that with Adam.
She is just as charming as her sister.
Nothing's good enough for him.
Do you have a guest?
Oscar waited until Susie was finished before he started talking.
Susie says she just couldn't allow Adam to do that.
William finally believes us.
She looks like her mother.
The criminal has not been caught yet.
She enjoyed her stay.
Oscar is the only person there right now.
William hopes that Julia will do that for him.
I thought Harry wouldn't be able to do that for me.
My mother hasn't slept in 3 days due to her illness.
James is wrong about that, but he's right about everything else.
Do you think it's safe for me to go outside now?
My father's factory turns out 30,000 cars each month.
I think we shouldn't get involved.
Are you willing to take a cut in pay?
You always say you're going to move to Canada, Jack.
You spend too much time with him.
Good news was in store for us at home.
Why wasn't I told about this?
I take it you don't agree.
You wouldn't have been able to do that without our help.
I met them last week.
William and Alice aren't having a very good time.
I'd like to put some things in the hotel safe.
Has James left yet?
Laur is blonde.
Jacob knows he's dying.
I've got some cookies.
It was never hard for us to find something to talk about.
Things are coming together.
Harry doesn't have any children, does he?
What about having fish for dinner?
She told him off for not doing his homework.
There is none other than you to whom I can leave this.
Doing that will be extremely dangerous.
I look like my father.
Aren't you going to eat your roll?
I'm turning thirty.
Tommy is still wearing his police uniform.
You shouldn't have told Carmen that you didn't like her.
Go home and get some rest.
You've never wanted the same things I've wanted.
We had been talking about Jim when he entered the room.
Why is Tommy visiting the church?
I was thinking of him.
Lucy asked Oscar to remind her to call John in the morning.
I want to make sure we get there on time.
Anna is capable of taking care of herself.
I knew I should've married him.
She told me she wanted to quit.
I will stay home today.
I could go with them.
I doubt that Adam is still in Boston.
Doing that is likely to be very boring.
That wasn't very easy to do.
Muhammad said he was determined to do that for us.
I suspect Muhammad and Carmen don't need to do that anymore.
I found it very disturbing.
Muhammad and Lucy plan on doing that by themselves.
What is his favorite national park?
Which one's the new one?
I want to make a local call.
I didn't know Charlie needed to help Mary do that.
Is Oliver armed?
William said that he wasn't going to win.
I thought that I was going crazy.
Adam said that he thought it would be better if I didn't do that.
I'm almost certain that we have enough money to buy what we need.
I think that you shouldn't have married Joe.
Joe said he'd rather do that some other time.
Jacob doesn't read.
We went up and down in the elevator.
Harry told me that he was going to ask you to be his best man.
I wonder if Muhammad and Anna are here.
I'm going to fly to Boston next Monday.
Father had his lawyer draw up his will.
Due to the bad weather, the plane was ten minutes late.
Nobody really wants to do that again.
James and Eva said they wouldn't want to try doing that without some help.
I think that William said that once.
Where is the library?
I'll be leaving now.
He has never come on time that I know of.
We are not going to mine in Australia again.
There are no perfect women, nor perfect men.
I don't think that anybody knows the answer.
I'm starting to believe that.
We lost by two points.
Cats eat bread.
Julia says she still needs help.
Joe didn't do that and I didn't either.
I guess I should've known George and Catherine weren't going to help.
Why didn't you open the box?
Will you give this to her?
They thought they could win.
Charlie said he has something he wants to do this afternoon.
I want to visit Korea.
Can I leave him a message?
She said that she wasn't at home.
Oscar tried to settle the matter with Mary.
William wrote in all capital letters.
You won't do that by yourself, will you?
What about the family of the dying patient?
I know what you want.
Charlie and Anna said they'd be home this evening.
Everybody keeps looking for answers.
I know somebody needed to do that.
What's today's plan?
Oliver says he didn't know Monica needed to do that.
I couldn't wait much longer.
Don't you want to come to Australia with me?
Should I ask her out?
Could Jack have done it?
Jami carefully picked up the broken glass.
Jack has done his homework already.
It wasn't necessary for you to do that.
Let him say what he will.
Jami says he hopes Olivia will be able to do that by herself.
Jackson could not believe it.
I'm going to tell her.
I'm not a doctor, but a teacher.
Frankly speaking, it's difficult to understand why you want to go.
Joe has personally helped me many times.
Olivia says she'll study French today.
Children learn to read by being in the presence of books.
Jami drank a lot at the party and ended up making a fool of himself.
Don't you worry about them.
Did I forget anyone?
Oscar said that Anna was living in Australia at that time.
She will be there by now.
Do you think Jami knows when Lucy did that?
James said Valentina thought he might have to do that.
I wonder whether or not Joe and Laur will get divorced.
Charlie and Valentina made snow angels.
I saw a big dog lying in front of Mr Hill's house.
How many questions were there on the test?
I cannot look at you when I speak to you.
Catherine nearly killed herself a few hours ago.
He looked like he wasn't happy.
Did James and Monica say what they did last weekend?
I can't believe it's Christmas already.
The hotel which I am staying at is near the station.
I will go on ahead.
It can't be changed.
He said he doesn't know.
She said that she'd be glad to help.
I guess we may never really know.
Harry told me why it was a good idea to do that.
George seems to be in love.
Tomorrow we'll get our proof.
Did Oliver do that alone?
Can't we break it?
I didn't want to waste so much time.
They were asleep.
I don't know where Jacob and Julia have been all afternoon.
I know that Tommy isn't going to help us do that.
I think I know who stole your watch.
I’d guess that you have already answered.
George always goes to Boston for Christmas.
He wrote about plants and trees.
The album was long-listed for a music award.
The teacher called the roll.
I told her once and for all that I wouldn't go shopping with her.
You can ask me about anything you want to know.
How often do you read books in French?
He's trying to communicate with his beautiful little voice. You just need to listen.
No, the traffic wasn't too bad.
Harry and Eva are helping John in the kitchen.
Isn't that great?
The hospital there is not huge.
I ran out of water.
William and Monica said that they were finished doing that.
Adam is the only one I know that can speak French.
Jacob thought that nobody was at home.
Is it complicated?
Harry said he's not sure whether Valentina needs to do that.
I am only too glad to do so.
Can you climb the tree?
Later you will have a happy hour with your work colleagues.
How do you say "thank you" in French?
Does it not happen to any teachers?
I didn't know Adam wouldn't be able to do that without our help.
I will kill every last one of them.
This stuff works.
I know that Jack would've allowed you to do that if you'd asked him.
Yes, my angel.
James looked through the window in the door.
Laur is one of the girls that Jacob is interested in meeting.
By and by you will forget the painful experience.
Why did she get up so early?
Those colors go well together.
You don't know whether or not Muhammad was even here.
How important is music in your life?
Thanks a lot, you just ruined my life!
Can we talk about what happened last night?
I thought Oliver would go to Australia with me.
I might not be required to do that.
Am I sick, Doctor?
Why not break the door down?
I'm the boss.
I admitted defeat.
We should really do that.
I doubt I can get her to do it.
Julia didn't do everything she needed to do.
That isn't happening!
I put up with her as long as I could.
I required that John leave at once.
I didn't know how much the ticket would cost.
Do you still want to go?
Your marriage is in trouble.
Muhammad was really polite on the phone.
I just wanted to call you and let you know that I'd be late.
Jacob and only Jacob can do that.
My computer isn't working.
I don't want to go back there.
Charlie didn't go into details.
He stole into the house and immediately went to bed without being noticed by anyone.
She says she won't ever do that.
Joe is about three years younger than Laur is.
Joe began talking.
She told me she was innocent.
William gave me a second chance.
I went home and Bill stayed at the office.
He did all he could for me.
Babies have big heads.
Jacob said that he'd like to know why you didn't do what you said you'd do.
George died in Boston on October 20, 2013.
Is it time to go?
Valentina told me she found her keys.
He has the freedom to do what he thinks is right.
I learned a lot about him.
The American Navy was ready to fight.
George asked me if I liked Australia.
What've you done now, Oscar?
Harry didn't tell Monica what needed to be done.
I paid 30 dollars for that.
Margaret told me she'd walk home.
Neither Jacob nor Alice has been getting ready to leave.
I saw Susie standing there all by herself.
Is your language taught at school?
You threw salt?
Oliver and I are the ones who always do that.
Tell all your friends about the party we're having.
Computers are very useful.
Why don't you try it my way?
Sooner or later, you'll fall asleep.
However, you should not lose heart.
Charlie couldn't get his shoes off.
Oscar and I were both at the meeting.
I don't think Tommy and Monica know that I think they're stupid.
You should do that more often.
You missed a spot.
I'll be sleeping by the time you get home.
How do you think Oscar and Laur were able to do that?
William said that I didn't look like a teacher.
These pictures were painted by him.
They wanted me to visit them.
Olivia can't play the piano as well as she used to.
Jami got depressed.
I invited Jane to dinner.
The whole country talks about it.
In a word, it's ridiculous.
Anna is doing all right, isn't she?
You're looking at Julia all the time!
I'm pretty sure Joe and Julia did what we asked them to do.
It came on to rain toward evening.
What kind of food do you have?
I knew you wouldn't have a very good time.
I wanted to phone you, but I thought you wouldn't get it so I didn't phone you in the end.
I didn't know James was going to be jealous.
Jacob was proud of himself.
And he said to him: Let me go, for it is break of day. He answered: I will not let thee go, except thou bless me.
We've been waiting for Jacob for a long time.
Alex and Carmen live about three blocks from the train station.
They used to live next door to us.
Charlie and Susie said that they didn't know where John lived.
There's got to be a way.
Your secret will die with me.
I promised George I'd pick up lunch.
He will come back sooner or later.
Jami said that he thought that he'd be able to get home by 2:30.
William is in bad shape, isn't he?
Oscar will try to stop me for sure.
Jacob is better than the rest of us.
Do you know what it was about?
People seem to be treating me differently today.
Unfortunately, we didn't find it out in time.
I want a car.
This has been fun.
Jacob has already asked the police for protection.
It was difficult for me to do that.
I doubt Jack will ever forgive Carmen for doing that.
What a pity! He was a good professor. May he rest in peace.
Laur introduced herself to the people behind the counter.
I'd like to have a cat.
Jack and Emma told me that they're jealous.
I thought it was common knowledge.
Alice doesn't know why James didn't want her to do that.
When you have things you don't understand written on you, what will you do, if you get unexpected results?
I assumed that you were in charge.
Adam isn't trying to impress Lucy.
He didn't know that.
I ate as little as possible.
It's an interesting business plan.
I often wear black.
With some books, the more I read them, the less I understand them.
Call Carmen and tell her I can't meet her this afternoon.
Let's see who wins!
Valentina has said she won't do that again.
I'm scared of you.
We're not going on vacation.
I wonder whether or not Jami knows that Anna is coming with us.
I heard that Alex is back in town.
The dog is in the yard.
They aren't as heavy as they used to be.
Tommy bought his ticket yesterday.
James is too old to work.
Take off your glasses.
Did you notice anything suspicious?
My bedroom is not as clean as yours.
I had to change the plan.
Just do it right away or don't even bother talking to me again.
I'm going to go to the United Kingdom to see my parents.
The president ought to be ashamed.
Oscar and Alice say they had to study French.
Tommy doesn't always go to bed before midnight.
Don't you do that.
Did Muhammad run as fast as you thought he could?
I used to hate you.
I don't know what's going on.
Oliver said he knew he might need to do that on Monday.
Jacob left three days ago.
I don't dig modern jazz.
Who am I currently speaking to?
Oliver told me that he's afraid to do that.
I was busy with the food.
George and Alice said that they weren't satisfied.
Jacob did all kinds of strange things back then.
Are we still on for dinner tonight?
I would die for them.
You were eating a sandwich.
Valentina gave me her key.
I've never gone fishing at night.
Why are you staring at me, demon?
Therefore many people passed away.
I thought you said that Joe should do that.
Didn't that seem strange to you?
Harry used the car jack.
James has never told a story in his life.
Help me out, would you?
Alex was able to buy what he needed.
I was too late.
I could've told you so.
Harry noticed that Monica was gone.
A teacher like that is not supposed to be around children.
He loved her sense of humor.
You're not often wrong, are you?
I wouldn't blame him.
They've just returned.
John helped himself to several pieces of pie without asking.
How did you come to school?
I've never seen Muhammad with a girl before.
Harry seemed sad, didn't he?
Muhammad told me he thought that Eva was angry.
I told you to leave her alone.
About how many hours do you sleep every night?
Was Oliver the one who told you what to buy?
I've known Adam my whole life.
I've been on my feet for three days.
Joe got three presents for his birthday.
Adam suggested that we go to the park.
You were great.
Jami's the first to admit that, without Susie, he'd probably be in jail, or worse.
Laur would help you if you asked her to.
I cannot drill the door. This is Ken's job.
Let's keep it.
I'm pretty sure that Oscar has done this before.
George and Alice promised me they wouldn't do that.
It seemed to work.
I need to talk to both of you.
William said he thought Carmen was going to be able to do that.
Olivia was upset when she saw a picture of George's ex-girlfriend in his wallet.
Thank you for the flowers.
Oliver used to be weird.
I haven't read very many books in French.
Have you ever been married?
Julia says she's planning to go to Boston this winter.
I want you.
James and Susie said that they didn't agree with you.
There's a lot of snow in the winter.
Oscar has been all over the world.
I know Oliver can do that without our help.
Emma is following us, isn't she?
I don't like waiting for him.
Everything that I say is a lie. And that's the truth.
I don't care one way or the other.
Muhammad said he would be able to do that in a few hours.
It is by no means certain.
Joe took aim and fired a warning shot.
Did you know Jami would refuse to do that?
Make sure you stick together so no one gets lost.
Alice wished she had a decent job.
No matter how learned one may be, he or she cannot be called a good person unless he or she has a sound mind.
Need Oscar stay home today?
Charlie placed a phone call to his girlfriend.
I know Tommy isn't a very creative guy.
Unfortunately the store was closed.
With so much noise I couldn't sleep last night.
Alex is a closet case.
Muhammad told me he liked Alice's smile.
Jami is going to visit Emma next week.
I've never seen one in person. What about you?
He is still on the loose.
William isn't wearing a name tag.
Your house is big.
They felt like they could do it.
He is no good as a doctor.
Joe has done us a favor.
Everyone's losing money.
It's probably going to be difficult for Alex to win.
I hope to begin learning your beautiful language in the near future.
Jami needs to talk to you immediately.
From my point of view, Australia is one of the best countries in the world.
The kick of the rifle can break your shoulder.
I really liked Jami, too.
That's what I loved about Oliver.
I didn't think you'd be so jealous.
Oscar is trying to do what's right.
Harry always comes through.
I think perhaps you should call the police.
How did you find her?
I asked her to come over.
You live here, don't you?
Who's looking after your dogs?
She's always in a bad mood.
Jami and Margaret said they won't do that anymore.
What time is Adam arriving?
Why would I steal your wallet?
Jacob asked Emma if she trusted John.
It will be dark by the time we come back.
We're happy this happened.
I'll tell you what Jacob and I are going to do.
I know James knew who needed to do that.
Jacob's father doesn't allow him to drive.
Harry told me he'd fly to Australia.
Charlie said he'd visit Mary in Boston every weekend.
Charlie said that he was glad that you did that for him.
Jami and Laur are hopeless.
I have to go shopping today.
If you search well, you will find.
Charlie said doing that wasn't much fun.
Where should I put the bike?
The man attacked her with the intention of killing her.
I would have gone to the movies if I'd had the time.
Oliver said that Olivia told him that she was sick of doing that.
I wanted to help.
Now, that wasn't so bad, was it?
You're not going to be happy when you hear the news.
My office is just across the hall.
I have an older brother and a younger sister.
What kind of birds do they have in Australia?
Sorry I couldn't refuse her.
He gets along all right.
He looks just like his father.
I have to be there by 7:00.
Jacob has recently been transferred to Boston.
It's going to take a few minutes.
You're the only one who doesn't seem to be having any fun.
That will pass.
We have a lot of rain in June and July.
Jami wasn't the one who told me I had do that.
Does George think he'll be in Boston all summer?
These are special circumstances.
Many people I didn't know were at the party.
There was a neat pile of books in the corner of the room.
I think Tommy and Julia are working now.
Jack can't help me.
I'm going to take swimming lessons.
Don't try to talk.
I didn't make a sound.
Everybody but Jami and Mary knew that they didn't have to go to Boston.
William is a history teacher.
The population of Tokyo is larger than that of New York.
Emma did the only thing she could.
That's what I'm really worried about.
As I finish reading a score, I open the next one.
She arrived.
Do you think that man was a newspaper photographer?
When she kissed me, I felt she was honest with me.
Tell Jami it isn't my fault.
How can we prevent that?
Someone stabbed Jacob with an ice pick, but he's OK now.
Oliver made it quite clear why we had to have the job finished by 2:30.
Julia promised herself she wouldn't do that anymore.
I think you know why I'm calling you.
It isn't important.
This appears to be the plan.
There's a leak.
I'd rather stay at home tonight.
He said he's willing to do that.
Alex asked if I needed a taxi.
Jami can likely do that in thirty minutes.
We lock our doors at night.
Are you tired of living?
Would you like to go to Australia?
My God! What is that?
It's a risk that Joe and I are willing to take.
I am concerned, maybe he will receive an injury.
Oliver wouldn't give me permission to do that.
Laur said she liked it.
The kid is big.
I'm sure that that won't happen today.
I can't believe you're considering doing that.
I don't know why I have to do that.
I want to go to London.
Don't let Joe hear you say that.
I didn't know that you were joking.
He spread butter on the bread.
I think that that package is for James.
Jack is an expert in his field.
Jami says he can't give me what I want.
Joe is a little rusty.
Jami said he thought he might be required to do that today.
You're simply an employee.
Your heart is sick.
I haven't eaten any meat in a long time.
I need this done fast.
Did you guys talk about me while I was gone?
He's looking at you.
Muhammad isn't at fault here.
I promise I won't tell anybody who you are.
I tried to kill myself twice.
I'm glad that Tommy got fired.
I was going to hand in my application form to the boss today, but he beat me to the punch.
Smoking is not allowed here. Please feed your cancer outside!
I'm not interested in you.
Oscar kept screaming.
I didn't know Tommy was supposed to do that today.
Jack and Valentina will do that only if they have to.
You're the only person who shows me any respect.
Your eyes might be better than mine.
Don't you want to know who she is?
Carmen may have done what you said she did.
Margaret made some toys for her grandson.
Thank you and have a good day.
Why is she angry?
What'll you do when you get there?
Jami wasn't desperate to do that, but Anna was.
Oscar was the only one who was able to do that without help.
That was an absolutely foolish thing to say.
Jacob says he doesn't intend to ever do that again.
She wanted it.
Are your hands cold? — No, they aren't.
Charlie would have wanted you to have this.
Remember what I told you.
My homework was finally finished.
I'm too full to move.
It's three pounds.
That's not how I would've done that.
Adam sends more than a hundred text messages a day.
Oscar said Alice thought he was the only one who needed to do that.
Muhammad told Anna that she had to do that.
Are you and Julia still together?
Joe said Anna was prepared.
Joe wasn't the one who taught Eva how to do that.
Don't talk to me about respect after all what you did to my sister.
Jacob doesn't think we can do that, does he?
Who's the lucky girl?
They want to return to their countries.
I'm not surprised that William isn't here.
Tommy and Olivia didn't do what they said they'd do.
Don't you want to get back with Jacob?
Then he cried out as loud as he could, but no one heard him.
A person named Jones came while you were out.
James and I don't go to the same school.
Jack sat cross-legged on the couch.
How many times are you going to ask me that question?
Also James doesn't love Olivia anymore.
Oscar said he thought that he was the only one who knew how to do that.
Oscar looked like he wasn't busy.
I'm with Oscar now.
He is good for something.
Oscar told me he didn't know.
Jack has been with Valentina all day.
The man driving the car had been drinking.
You're going to need one.
I only have two children.
I don't understand what that means.
I'll see you after practice.
There won't be enough water for everyone.
Oscar and Lucy said they wanted to leave Boston.
We would often go swimming in the river.
Harry was trying to kill me.
You're really amazing at this.
It's almost impossible to achieve.
They say that they're hoping to do that.
Will you phone me later, please?
Did you ever see the fish?
Oscar often goes fishing in the river.
She told me that she wasn't sick.
Harry is Mary's professor.
A cat sat on the table.
I'm simply planning ahead.
I just kept winning.
I almost died upon hearing this.
Work makes free.
Oliver and Lucy had something they needed to talk to John about.
They loved this game.
We need to leave immediately.
Oscar and Monica say that they'll be here tomorrow.
Jacob's friends still miss him.
I had a good coach.
I have to get something.
They said that they wouldn't try doing that.
I haven't told them yet.
Jacob and Anna are leaving in thirty minutes.
We're so glad you could make it.
My mother went shopping downtown yesterday.
Do I need a reason?
Jacob sounds worried.
I'm not good at singing country music.
James may have made a few mistakes.
How old is your grandfather?
I was busy working.
Are you sure you can swim that far?
I didn't know if William would be able to do that or not.
That's what I should have done.
Music is an international language.
Jami and I are now dating each other.
Tommy told me that he thought Mary was in.
Harry knows how to handle a rifle.
Even a child would notice the difference.
They aren't tall for their age.
Put your pistol in your pocket.
Jack was a bit late.
Joe directed me to the theater.
Alice is good at golf, isn't she?
Swimming makes your legs strong.
They would not believe me even if I swear it is the truth.
I tried to get him to tell me.
Adam says he doesn't think he'll win.
She loves the children.
It would seem that you know something that I don't.
It seems very difficult for me.
I could not lie to a lady.
If you hadn't done that, someone else would've.
My nephew works as a computer engineer.
William has been teaching Carmen French.
Harry and Lucy opened their Christmas presents.
Oliver told me he'd like to visit us in Boston.
Jacob found a way to get it done.
I closed my phone.
There's a cat under the table.
Oliver thought that Valentina was going to win.
George doesn't like the way John looks at Julia.
Jacob and Alice are afraid that they might lose everything.
I remember hearing the story once.
Tell Charlie to call me back.
Everybody knew that Jacob didn't want to live in Boston.
I know what it's all about.
George convinced Valentina to make him a sandwich.
Here you go, the bill.
I'm very happy to be in Australia.
But you never spoke to me about that!
Charlie is a good chef.
Jacob sees this in a different way.
Should we tell Joe we're leaving?
We now know that's not true.
Look both ways before you cross the street.
I ruined it all.
In other words, he betrayed us.
I think that George can help you with that.
Jack found a lot of money.
Alex said that Lucy wasn't planning on going by herself.
What is butter made of?
Oliver was carrying some shopping bags.
Try to avoid making any more trouble.
Jacob spent the whole day doing that.
Jacob is learning French so he can get a better salary.
Try to ignore the pain.
No one will speak for you.
Just keep your promise.
They told me they losing weight.
Julia told me that she'd be in Boston next Monday.
Tommy and Olivia never met again.
James knew that somebody was following Emma.
Adam didn't even know Eva had left.
It was raining yesterday afternoon.
This is the only road to the next town.
I thought that Muhammad wasn't going to do that.
Our dog was run over by a truck.
I don't do that at all.
Susie forgot to tell Jack what she'd planned to tell him.
I carry on reading every day.
I can't wait to get my driver's license.
Harry said that Valentina was going to go see John in Australia.
I plan to live in Australia for the rest of my life.
The army advanced up the hill.
Harry looked down at his broken leg.
I am 18 years old.
You need not worry about Adam.
Muhammad's dog is dead.
Tommy will help Mary do that if she asks him to.
Is there a God?
He was a god to his people.
Oliver is sound asleep in his room.
You should've explained everything to me.
I think that Harry won't cry.
Valentina told Harry that she was married.
I know Alex is a very hard worker.
You weren't able to help Harry do that, were you?
They began this year.
They said that they like speaking French.
I don't think Charlie knows why I did that by myself.
I'll go to the airport with William.
How do you want me to handle this?
There's musical entertainment from nine o'clock to midnight.
It may well rain.
Mary was not happy about this.
Tommy knew that Laur was angry with him.
Stop acting like a baby.
I was kind of hoping we could do that.
Are you really going to Australia the day after tomorrow?
We're going to have to dig deep.
Oliver thought that Olivia was pregnant.
Did Alex say he thought it would be hard to do that?
She told me that she'd help us.
It's often said that women live longer than men.
William thinks that Catherine would be surprised if you did that.
Are these the glasses you're looking for?
I'd be only too glad to help you.
She stayed at home by herself.
I would like some peace and quiet.
It's not as great as it used to be.
Tommy won't be able to solve his problems alone.
It was terribly painful.
Charlie asked me some questions about what had happened.
He walked toward the door.
Maybe I'll come back to Australia again next year at this time.
I'll try to speak to Harry after everyone has gone home.
I know that name.
She gave him something cold to drink.
Science is true even if we don't believe it.
I don't know exactly what happened because I wasn't there.
We've finally been given permission to leave.
Laur lied to you.
Alex and Carmen don't really think they can do that, do they?
Alex will probably be mad.
Alex is suffering from a serious disease.
They are reading.
I just need more time with them.
He can understand everything they're saying.
You did what was necessary.
Harry told me he thought Margaret would be upset.
I can't just throw everything away.
Yes. She used to be a very shy girl.
I'm broken-hearted.
He cried out from pain.
I thought that you'd be kind of surprised.
Charlie said he might visit Boston.
William told me that he thought that Eva was sharp.
There were hardly any children in the park.
Summer is gone.
I just want things to be normal.
You're planning on doing that tomorrow, aren't you?
I knew that Jami would be allowed to do whatever he wanted to do.
I'll eat a thousand-year-old egg.
What time is the last train?
All their great-grandparents were dead before Tommy and Valentina were born.
This is the first time I've killed a mouse.
Who made the actual arrest?
I don't want to go back to jail.
I don't think I know anybody who can do that.
James and Eva are in the parking lot right now, waiting for you.
Do you still do that as much as you used to?
Do you have anything in mind?
Don't give fish to a poor man; teach him how to fish.
Jack said he thought we needed to do that by ourselves.
No one seems to have the guts to do that anymore.
He lives at the top of this hill.
No suicide note was found.
Charlie eats rice at least twice a day.
I really enjoyed myself.
Valentina said that she won.
She said she's cold.
Give me a call later, OK?
When's Tommy expected back?
I hope it will clear up soon.
Don't tell lies. Tell the truth.
Jack told everyone that Mary could speak French.
It goes without saying that smoking is bad for the health.
Oliver is planning on joining the team.
I'd like to know where Jami and Margaret live.
Tommy told me Olivia was afraid.
James and Susie handed in their reports.
George had a lot of cheese for breakfast.
Oliver wasn't surprised when Eva did that.
You have to earn her trust.
Jack knows that he's good-looking.
James seems to be in more pain than anyone else.
George held one of Olivia's hands, and John held the other.
What were Tommy and Carmen talking about last night?
He did what he felt like doing.
I wonder whether or not Joe is doing what he's supposed to be doing.
I would've thought Joe wouldn't like doing that.
You're going to have to wait here.
Charlie and Alice haven't sold their house yet.
Is she a woman with a beard or a man with a woman's body?
Jack moved the chair.
Oliver fell in love with a girl who's three years younger than him.
He has worked in the embassy for three months.
Are you seeing anybody?
I want to give her this.
It was definitely surprising.
He was having lunch when I entered the room.
She doesn't like to work.
I was the only person there that Alex seemed to trust.
Jami wondered if Margaret understood what she was reading.
It is not so cold today.
Jacob thinks I'm romantic.
I heard you might be moving to Boston.
Both he and I are members of that club.
Adam will probably stop crying soon.
Don't give in.
I told Jack I wouldn't do that.
Joe said he thought that Mary would be able to do that by herself.
The thief entered through a broken window.
I want to die soon.
I want to see Jami do that.
Jack and Eva have something they need to do.
Don't you know an opposite of 'relief'?
It has been agreed that the meeting will be held on Friday.
Jack is going to join us later.
I did as she asked me.
I wonder whether it was really necessary to do that.
I just want you to think about that.
William wants to talk to me again.
He knows he's going to be fired.
If one way be better than another, that you may be sure is nature's way.
I didn't know that Oliver was in Boston last Monday.
Joe said Julia was planning on staying at home by herself.
He went home.
I'm not sure when Jami will leave.
James told me he was too sick to work today.
Neither Muhammad nor Anna has finished.
A crowd soon gathered around him.
I really care about him.
You might want to think about this a little bit longer.
Jami was here with me that evening.
Emma said that she wasn't surprised.
Joe said he knew Lucy was happy.
The groom hid inside the wedding cake.
Rain, rain, go to Spain // Never show your face again.
I've spent all my money.
Laur said she thought Tommy wasn't angry.
Jacob looks a bit tired.
What does that word mean?
Your body is saying yes.
They weren't hungry.
We'll have to come up with another plan.
Jacob is singing right now.
I thought Adam and Laur were in trouble.
Charlie doesn't like women who drink a lot.
She doesn't like to use a writing brush.
Muhammad does that a lot.
I don't think we'll need to ask Joe to help us do that.
(I've) been very busy recently.
The race is tomorrow.
Adam and I were both right.
I wish Oscar wouldn't come here anymore.
I thought James wasn't finished doing that yet.
Talk to somebody about themselves and they will listen to you for hours.
I thought that I heard the doorbell.
I have nowhere to stay.
I'd like to play tennis.
If there's something you don't understand, let me know.
If you were Oliver, what would you do?
Tommy said he was very happy here.
You should really talk to Tommy.
Charlie is hitting Julia.
My father is busy as a bee every day.
He said he heard an explosion.
Nobody likes rats.
I think most people would agree.
I discovered Harry's secret.
Dan found Linda's bike in the basement.
We're having dinner now. Can I call you later?
Bread's in the oven.
William says he never taught French.
He's just like a baby.
I didn't think that George would be stupid enough to do something like that.
There is not one of us who does not want to help you.
Do Oliver and Monica really have to do that?
I admitted that she was right.
Oliver and Valentina put down their drinks.
Should I tell James you're not feeling well?
I promise that I will send you to prison.
I was sad when he left.
The pipe store is across the street.
Jacob said Catherine should have lied to John about where she'd spent her summer vacation.
Can I eat my lunch here?
Jack didn't realize he needed to do that.
I don't want to do that without Jacob's help.
You should ask yourselves why.
I know this is the beginning of the end.
Jacob has been telling everyone that he doesn't plan to attend the meeting.
I must wash my hands before dinner.
They said that they liked it.
Alex is your friend, not mine.
I don't think Jami wants to do that either.
He hasn't made up his mind yet.
Jami said he'd ask Mary to eat lunch with him.
I didn't think that I'd be able to do that.
Charlie won't be spending Christmas with his family.
They claimed they left early.
He had little social life.
I thought we could talk.
Let's continue with the lesson for today.
We just don't know.
I can't afford to eat at an expensive restaurant like this.
Anna asked Adam to go to the opera with her.
If he tries hard, he'll succeed.
The rope was a couple of meters too short.
He told me he wanted me to do that.
Your timing really sucks.
Today is September first.
I think it would be a good idea for you to go to Australia with Jacob.
He was able to solve the problem.
Jack assigned the job to Olivia.
I forgot to write my name on the exam.
Muhammad, hurry it up.
I hope Charlie doesn't find out what we did.
I don't know Japanese at all; I'm just pretending to.
I know Jacob and Anna didn't leave when they were supposed to.
Jack left a moment ago.
Jami doesn't think I'll do that.
Oliver may want to do that.
I was wondering if you'd like to join me for dinner tomorrow.
Jack hasn't answered my letter yet.
I studied very hard.
We're in no danger.
Oliver told me he did that.
'OK' is said to be the most popular word in the world.
Olivia likes her coffee black.
Joe said he'd assumed Mary would win.
Everyone likes free stuff.
That's not our goal.
Jami will ask Catherine to do that for him.
Jami had to admit that Mary was right.
Oscar doesn't get it.
I sell coffee.
Jami just can't seem to get along with Eva.
Why did you slap me?
Do you want them there?
George hopes Susie knows she shouldn't do everything John is asking her to do.
He has been waiting here some time.
Tell Oscar he should do that this afternoon.
Why did you cancel your trip?
Oliver and Mary are getting married on October 20th.
It isn't likely to happen soon.
I should do that now.
It's difficult to explain.
I'm no one's boyfriend.
Jack came a few days later.
I'm sick of doing that.
I didn't think you'd allow me to do that.
I was worried sick.
Hey, that's not bad.
We all took it for granted that Jack could speak French.
That's tough to do.
He knows how to cheat on his wife.
Jack will never do that.
Why do you like to give yourselves foreign names?
Margaret said she'd do that for sure.
If Jami and Alice were here, we'd be having more fun.
Jacob isn't the only person who should have done that.
I passed the city hall on my way to the station.
I'm sorry, but I can't help you right now.
Muhammad said that he'll probably cry.
How much does it cost to make a T-shirt?
I was able to pass the test.
They said they were hoping you'd win.
Your test papers must be handed in by Monday.
Jack and Emma are here to support you.
Did you enjoy the salad?
She told me that she might do that.
There will be an answer.
I'm waiting for a response.
We are always in some kind of danger.
Harry won't ask for help.
I didn't know that Harry was going to be in Australia all week.
This morning I got up at four so as to be in time for the first train.
Can you leave work early?
William and Lucy said they probably aren't going to do that.
It was stupid of you to believe in him.
Jacob wouldn't be happy if we did that.
It's very hot today, isn't it?
There are many bones in your body.
George played a very good game.
Eva doesn't play tennis as often as she'd like to.
The less I work, the less I want to work.
Perhaps they can feel the lines with their bodies.
Oliver has been living in Boston for three years.
How old were your children when you moved to Australia?
I still go swimming every Monday.
There are two strangers walking on the street.
Why was Jami told to come here?
I'll worry about that tomorrow.
She told me she speaks French.
I think Jack probably isn't as rich as you think he is.
Nothing is more valuable than friendship.
I wasn't doing anything behind her back.
The committee met Monday morning.
Anything can happen in the world of dreams.
I hope it's not too hot tomorrow.
James did the right thing for the wrong reasons.
James said I have to do that by Monday.
She went there by herself.
I hope Muhammad isn't looking for us.
Those children are potential customers.
The dog attacked the three of us.
William and I did everything we could to help.
I'm not tall enough to do that.
I didn't think that Muhammad would swim.
William has come to see you.
Emma says that she can prove Jacob did that.
Laur said she can't sing very well.
I hope our plane leaves on time.
Oliver doesn't have to help me anymore.
In Japan people take off their shoes when they enter a house.
Frankly, I don't like that man.
We hope this never happens again.
Charlie said he knew that he might not have to do that anymore.
Jami has been here too long.
We're a hundred percent behind you.
He ripped his shirt open.
You didn't know who Jacob and Eva were planning to stay with, did you?
Joe and Olivia said they only did that once.
Jacob told me he might agree to do that.
You don't need her permission.
Let's hope that that never happens again.
They always say they'll be on time, but they're always late.
You're going to be bored if you go.
Will Oscar be joining us?
He said he wanted a better job.
My approach is different.
I wish that Adam were still alive.
She forgot to stop next to my house.
Harry came to Laur's school.
Who do William and Mary plan on doing that with?
We expect heavy resistance.
He went home yesterday.
I'm not sure why they were forced to close the restaurant.
We're a nation of fools.
Can you recommend a good place to eat Mexican food?
Because I hate you.
Oliver's suitcase is missing.
Your luck will run out sooner or later.
You should have told me about the problem sooner.
My happiness depends on you.
They were friends.
Jami and Margaret could've been frightened, but they didn't seem to be.
She took the trouble to meet her friend at the airport.
I can't believe I let Tommy drive.
I knew what he said was true.
It took us years to complete that project.
I wonder whether Jack and Valentina are busy now.
Does James like to swim?
Jacob really thought that Eva needed to do that.
I want you to call it off.
I didn't admit to anything.
Muhammad has thick hair.
I remember it now.
Oscar and Anna don't like milk in their coffee.
I punished them.
Oliver said that he thought Valentina spoke French.
Muhammad must have been happy to see Susie.
He asked for a drink of water.
It isn't secure.
That sounds like Tommy.
There's the exit.
I'm really excited for Harry.
We just stopped.
It is a kind of cat.
I want to make sure Joe and Emma know what they're supposed to do.
We've had nice weather for a while now.
Joe is scared of that dog.
I think William is thin.
Get her out of my sight.
Tommy never drinks alcohol.
Oliver may not be able to do that again.
George didn't need to go if he didn't want to.
What are you two going to talk about?
She gave me several books.
Why don't we do that right now?
I thought that Joe was cute.
Tommy is being held on $300,000 bail.
Where do you plan to do that?
I'd better tell you the truth.
George didn't know where Lucy's house was.
You are trusted by every one of us.
Don't get so emotional.
She has dry hair.
I suspect that Oscar is in his office.
He left the town and was never seen again.
Did I drop that?
I love the sound of rain on the roof.
She needed to make sense of it all.
OK, but what about the manager?
My mother has sold everything that is dear to her.
That's why I'm here today.
Because it seems to be heavy.
"You never know, she might tell him the truth." "Yeah, fat chance!"
This obviously concerns me.
Jacob is going on a picnic tomorrow with Monica.
I'll try to finish my homework before dinner.
George and Emma are ready to leave now.
When one does not like someone, one easily believes the bad things that are said about him.
Adam is about the same age as us.
Alex thought Lucy wouldn't forget to do that.
Mary will get in trouble if she does that.
I want to be the best person I can be.
He was in error in assuming that she would come to see him.
Jacob did that his own way.
Fish is good for you.
Eating lunch with you would make me happy.
She always looks pale.
I thought that I needed to do something differently.
I still haven't found him.
Do you like animals?
Joe accused Julia of stealing his wallet.
I can't invite all my friends at once.
I believed him to be in good health.
I think that Adam is planning to start doing that tomorrow.
Muhammad said that he thought Anna would be shy.
I thought that I might be able to help.
Nobody knows who's in charge.
I don't like it when you're so busy.
We need to come up with a plan.
Elizabeth did not say a single word.
That was the only thing I could do.
She is not here yet.
Muhammad became concerned.
What rotten luck!
Jack thought Anna knew John.
Jack gave a speech in class.
The boy lost his way in the forest.
I have to open my shop.
I want a Chicago guide.
Do you see the father and the mother?
When will you be back in Australia?
How did Eva break her leg?
Where are the women?
I knew that James wouldn't be able to find a job.
William knew that Valentina didn't have much time.
Do you like the jacket Jack is wearing?
I've got a white horse.
I already knew that Alex wasn't planning to do that.
William and Julia told me they might do that.
What are you getting so excited about?
Oscar is almost thirty.
The older you get doesn't mean you should become more religious.
I think Oscar is busy.
I talked to Joe about it.
This was happening often in the winter.
Do you think that she lied?
William Jackson's new book isn't selling well.
The school is on top of the hill.
I'll be OK, won't I?
Jacob isn't going to be happy to see me.
I play tennis.
He is the greatest player the team has had.
Charlie and I are both very proud of you.
Don't think about that anymore.
The plane was late due to bad weather.
She likes to hunt, doesn't she?
Olivia is in a hurry because she's late.
The police think Adam and Susie have been kidnapped.
You should get yourself something to eat.
George shot John and got out of the house.
Harry wanted to buy some books.
Adam was seen stealing food.
What is the secret of success?
I would like you to answer my questions.
I'm taking off.
You must want this very badly.
I know Adam is a very nice guy.
Oscar had something to hide.
I thought you wouldn't be here today.
All the houses in town were empty.
Who doesn't value the penny isn't worth the dollar.
I don't really feel like working today.
You've got something on your face.
I enjoyed talking with him at the party.
I don't understand why Jack wasn't supposed to do that.
I wouldn't hurt them.
Yes, I have a problem with you Americans!
I think you understand what I mean.
Joe said it's what he wasn't doing that made the coach angry.
How much money do you owe us?
Jami and Eva both can't be right.
This one's a no-brainer.
We'd be crazy if we didn't do that.
Jami asked Anna if dinner was ready.
The school's gates open at 8 o'clock.
"Who helped you?" "Jacob did."
Let's discuss that problem later.
Jacob is now looking for another job.
I think it'll be impossible to do that.
You never really know whether you can do it or not until you try.
Alex died last Monday evening.
I think that Oscar didn't go to the party with Emma.
Alice hopes that she'll be able to do that.
That's why I'm late.
Why wasn't I informed?
Do you think this is a joke?
That's wonderful. Is it not?
If you don't understand, please raise your hand.
They won't be in time for the meeting.
This is a very new book.
Most of Joe's friends are girls.
I'm always writing strange things, so I'm sure it's difficult to comment on.
I know Jack wishes I were dead.
Something went wrong that morning.
There's an easier way to do that.
You are smarter than that.
Do you think George might be suspicious?
Oscar will enjoy it.
Oliver and Catherine won't go to sleep unless you read them a story.
James told me he thought that Lucy was sick.
I went to the hospital to have my eyes tested.
Do you want to come with us or not?
I did not see anyone in the street.
Everyone except Muhammad knew that he didn't need to do that.
Joe likes golf, but Anna thinks it's slow and boring.
Why do people go to the movies?
I neither drink nor smoke.
I thought that you might like to know that.
I'd prefer not to do that today.
I had a little trouble finding William's house.
I love this part of Australia.
Emma says she'll win.
They said that they saw something scary.
They're listening to the news.
From now on, you'll have to take care of yourself.
Why must you give away all of my secrets?
But did they watch the match?
Harry is dead to me.
They didn't seem very angry, did they?
I can't make out what the man is saying.
That's her car.
They carried on working from morning till night.
I think it's time for me to clean the garage.
I'm confident in my ability.
Oliver wasn't fighting.
My stomach is full.
Can I use my credit card?
Carmen is on the roof, isn't she?
I think Oscar should have left early.
Eva said she just got back from Boston.
Jacob and Emma realized there was no way they could do that by themselves.
How did that get there?
William didn't tell Catherine that he had to leave early.
He believes he's right.
Margaret told Adam that she was safe.
I'm not as lucky as Joe is.
Just make sure you tell Alex what time he's supposed to be there tomorrow.
I can't just lie to Alex.
Joe and Valentina say they're not able to do that.
It must be hard not to be with Tommy.
You really should have gone to Boston last week.
She sat at her desk.
Jami is always around, isn't he?
He doesn't work for us anymore.
I wish you wouldn't drive so fast.
However late you may be, be sure to wake me.
I think you're going to enjoy spending time with George.
Oliver didn't seem to be making much progress.
I want to talk to Oliver alone.
She's a fantastic person.
I saw you outside.
Harry is going nuts.
I'd like to know more about it.
She gave birth on Monday to her first child.
Lucy doesn't like it.
Do you really think Muhammad is scary?
I slept through the storm.
We had that teacher for fourth and fifth grade.
Joe has better plan.
I suspect that Adam can't speak French.
I felt my way to the door.
She says she doesn't like children.
I told James and Carmen it wasn't possible for them to get into our club.
It's different.
We just need to talk to you.
Does it upset you?
George missed a step and fell down the stairs.
Seat yourself.
They haven't eaten yet, have they?
They told me they had been sick.
Muhammad said I didn't look like either of my parents.
Harry and Olivia didn't do what they had to do.
Oliver worked with the horses all day.
That makes me anxious.
Margaret said that she felt very nervous.
Harry has been driving his father's car.
Adam said that he thought Julia was a good-looking woman.
Is it still true?
Using a computer can save your time.
I really feel hurt.
The secret of a long-lasting marriage? It's very simple: you just need to find the right woman and get old enough.
I want to be normal.
Describe him.
I don't know which of the two to choose. They're both very pretty.
How many other girls have you said that to?
Emma told Oscar that she was in Boston last weekend, but she was actually in Chicago.
I'll have to do that eventually.
How long have you been in Australia?
This is, indeed, a great piece of news.
I'm sorry, you have to pay for the extra weight.
There is a cat in the kitchen.
If you know where Oliver is, tell me.
By chance, I ran into an old friend in Tokyo.
Have you ever been fired from a job?
Could you explain why?
I promise that I won't be late again.
I could rip you apart with my bare hands.
When we're hand in hand, everything heavy becomes light.
Doing that was pretty difficult.
Try it and see.
I do not remember any of it.
Tommy and Julia said they were really busy.
He had a good fortune to marry a beautiful girl.
He's afraid of his father.
Will you teach me French?
Muhammad and Olivia know how much you love them.
I was at home.
Don't I have any rights?
Golf is now within the reach of everyone.
I don't think that we need permission to do that.
Tommy has ended up in jail.
Tommy thinks he can get away with this.
Come on, Charlie. Say something to her.
Eva said that she was afraid.
I would've done the same for Alex.
Muhammad said he didn't know where Catherine did that.
Jack does want to go on to college.
Air is for people what water is for fish.
Valentina told me she enjoyed the picnic.
James told the waiter that he'd rather sit by the window.
I'm not talking about him.
Valentina says she didn't know Adam wanted to eat pizza.
All the children seem to be having trouble doing that.
I care more than you think.
The oven's hot so be careful not to burn yourself.
She told me that she wanted to go.
I didn't think that William would be willing to help us do that.
I could get Tommy to show us how to do that.
When will the train arrive?
Harry thinks that Emma is mistaken.
They say that James's going to come back.
I was brought up by my grandmother.
Harry owns an estate in Scotland.
I'll tell Oliver everything you told me.
I got him to help.
It's a day like any other.
Joe couldn't find what he needed.
Tommy told Olivia to be polite.
I want to go out tonight.
We'll do our best to realize what we've planned.
I think these are genuine.
That food is so bad that I wouldn't dream of eating it.
I know Alex wouldn't have done that if he didn't have to.
Baseball is fun to watch.
Mary told everyone she was suspicious.
I think it'd be better if you didn't go out tonight.
I'll go to Boston sometime before October.
The trees will soon be bare.
Oliver took his kids to the beach last weekend.
I didn't have to ask, since I already knew the answer.
Have Oliver and Alice been to see you recently?
I'll go and get ready.
This key is not mine.
Charlie and I were sitting in the back.
Eva spent all her free time last week answering birthday greetings.
I'll probably study French next year.
Jami said he didn't swim.
William stays with us.
You shouldn't say those kind of things in front of the children.
Oliver wants to know when we're done.
He wanted his freedom.
Muhammad is probably not going to do that very well.
How much time do you spend online?
Oliver asked Eva why she thought she had to do that.
Are we all ready to go?
The concert wasn't very good.
Adam is a very bad person.
He missed his train.
I went to the station.
He did well by me.
Jami wrote a suicide note.
What would be your advice?
My house is built.
It's been a great week.
I understand. However, it's not important. I was just asking.
Do you want to know?
My car is older than me.
Do you think I still love her?
Adam will remain at home.
Who has the key to this lock?
I'm looking forward to getting your letter.
They killed him.
This house is not for sale.
Open the window and let some fresh air into the room, please.
Dinner is ready.
That'll be your top priority.
You must complete the treatment until the end.
Do you think we convinced Charlie to do that?
I thought about you!
We'll make our announcement on Monday.
He said that he'd be here.
I'll only do that if I have to.
Oscar and Olivia sat in silence.
Charlie said that he didn't think Valentina could find the time to do that.
Harry and Emma couldn't take their gloves off.
Catherine changed her hair colour and Charlie didn't even notice.
George told me to meet him at his apartment.
Supply me with this information as soon as possible.
I think Adam is still in love with Lucy.
Alex is happy here.
Jami hasn't paid this month's rent yet.
Where did she see the woman?
These are my thank-you notes.
You do get around, don't you?
Thank you for helping me cross the road.
I suspect that Adam and Eva have both already left Australia.
James and I went fishing yesterday.
Alex didn't tell Julia about the job he'd been offered.
He ended up not coming.
That language sounds very pretty.
Should that matter?
That was a stupid and dangerous thing to do.
Today there are many things made of sheet metal.
Muhammad might know why Eva wants to do that.
You and I must give him our present.
This was happening every summer.
It's too late.
I couldn't save him.
I am yours and you are mine.
Tell George and Susie that I'm here to see them.
Jami doesn't yet know Margaret did that.
What did Alex steal?
I will do my best to finish it.
When you're with children, speak like a child!
Let me work, please!
May I talk with you for a moment?
He is the least clever of the three.
That and a tooth-brush are, I think all that we need.
They lost no time in getting the sick man to a hospital.
Have any of you ever met him?
We may all have to do something we don't want to do.
Did you think about it?
I can't find anything.
Does he have a family?
I went to Australia last winter.
People say I'm crazy.
There were three deaths in the car crash.
Valentina's dog bit Jack.
Where did she get these eggs?
That's never happened to me.
Tommy is showing off.
Alex and Susie said they didn't intend to do that again.
Harry said he wasn't going to go with us.
They put down their glasses.
I stay the night at my friend's place.
You will fail unless you work harder.
I asked George for a glass of water.
Jami has already decided what to eat.
Oscar hardly ever eats meat anymore.
I thought you were taking a nap.
Tommy said that he was just about ready to do that.
It was a strange experience.
They told everyone that they were bored.
Is this a date, or what?
I never would've let George and Anna do that.
I didn't think George was interested in learning how to drive.
Do you want to go with them?
Alex says he won't tell Susie.
Expecting time to find her child, she sat up till late at night.
I didn't do what Jack wanted me to do.
I won't allow that to happen.
I won't tell them if you won't.
We can't tell which is better.
Do Oscar and Alice like Boston?
Alice lives with her aunt.
I wasn't the one who broke the window.
Far away from you, I sleep.
You won't have to do anything you don't want to.
She wishes she had a bigger car.
That's my point.
Your clothes are extremely beautiful.
I go to the hospital today.
It was really a lot of fun.
I'm pretty sure Jacob did what he said he did.
Come here, please.
What's wrong with you tonight?
I thought you were married.
I'm just so lost right now.
We went dancing.
I am going, too.
Jack and Mary told John that they thought Alice was scared.
She hurt her leg.
Speak of the next year, and the devil will laugh.
Jacob didn't know anything about it.
She didn't talk to me at the party.
They don't think it's their fault.
Our company is broke.
He took office two years ago.
William quietly knocked on the door.
We can't be certain that Joe will do that.
James says he didn't see anybody.
Hatred is the winter of the heart.
I'll talk to her later.
We will steal you from yourself.
Adam is an adult, but he doesn't act like one.
That wasn't the main reason why George didn't want to do that.
We put all the resources to use in writing up this paper.
I think that Jack is the one who drew this picture.
Lucy is really younger than she looks.
It cost him ten dollars to get the ticket for the musical.
Oscar has probably known about that for a long time.
I didn't expect to ever see him again.
Am I supposed to believe that you did the best you could?
Are you going tell Oscar to leave or do I have to tell him?
Anna doesn't know she'll never be able to do that again.
He comes every day to visit his sick friend.
Alex is smarter than Mary is, isn't he?
Didn't James cry?
Jami could help you do that.
She's ready now.
Tommy apparently hasn't yet told Monica that he's not going to do that.
I'm afraid Charlie is going to try to kill Laur.
He's coming back from the United States a week from today.
William was the last person I was expecting to see in there.
I asked a favor of him.
Alex is looking for his glasses.
I'm trying to keep an open mind.
Bring Charlie with you.
These ties are very expensive.
Adam would be very happy if you did that.
If you don't want to get hurt, then love and romance are not for you.
George and Susie told me they were wrong.
I don't think that you should quit your job.
We should do something together next weekend.
My parents made me sell my motorcycle.
Jack is going to give us everything we asked for.
Emma said she's going to win.
Where did she find those shoes?
Margaret isn't really sick. She's only pretending to be sick.
George told me that he liked it.
There is a certain amount of truth in what he's saying.
You may choose any book you like.
There was something that touched me as I read this letter.
I wonder if Jacob and Lucy are correct.
Close your eyes, Oscar.
Harry and Catherine can probably take care of themselves.
I want those kids to leave.
Valentina told Alex that she thought John was broke.
Harry can't stay long.
James told me he'd be glad to help me.
I tried to act natural.
I'll let you get on with your things.
She was almost hit by a car.
She's good at tennis.
I want to see Oscar tomorrow.
My family is fine, thanks.
Margaret never mentioned she had a sister.
Our native language is Japanese.
Joe was on TV yesterday.
This Chinese woman is the most polite person I have ever seen.
I'm calling to accept your invitation.
I'm sorry. I can't do that.
Harry told me he thought Emma was lost.
George hasn't given any other details.
Harry doesn't think Emma would be drunk at this time of day.
Jack and Monica said they'd like to do that now.
Blame it on the weather.
I don't usually do that at home.
Carmen kicked the door shut behind her.
Unfortunately I hit the morning rush hour.
James doesn't have enough money to buy a house.
Olivia put her cup down on the counter.
You know what I like.
I wonder why it is that the sound of waves is so pleasant to the ear.
Does Jack like Australia?
You told me that you were planning on going with us.
Alice realized she didn't have enough time to do what needed to be done.
Oliver hasn't seen Catherine in three years.
My parents don't understand me.
I hope you'll both be happy together.
William is always on the go.
"Harry, say to me, please ..." - "Please!"
She made up her mind to go to America.
I'm hoping this'll be the last time I see you.
Do you have a crush on Alice?
Who do you believe?
I can't see what Jacob is looking at.
Oscar will be in Australia all week.
I hope that you get well soon.
We cleaned the house.
Did Valentina actually do what she said she did?
I was told to go home.
We're getting married in three months.
Alex and Olivia believe that they're right.
She meant it.
Jack has done a lot of good things.
Oliver wanted to live on a farm.
She hasn't made her schedule public.
Joe won't have time to go there today.
This is a good plan.
This is the watch that I lost a week ago.
Can I ask you another question?
Let them relax.
I was going to wash my hair.
Do you think Muhammad knows what happened?
People are staring at us.
We have several bags here.
Where did she get this phone?
Can we afford a new car?
I can show you how to do that if you want me to.
George doesn't believe Alice will cry.
I'm glad to hear you're happy in Boston.
Tell me, why do you want to do something like this?
I'll deal with this problem.
Why do you think that's a bad idea?
Write down your name here.
His sweater is gray.
Get out of here on the double.
Adam and Eva were trying to control their anger.
Arriving at the station, I found my train gone.
He picked up his mail.
This is a free ticket.
I didn't say anything about the party.
William realized that he ought to do that.
That was the first time I got on a plane.
Don't walk alone at night.
I don't remember what time I'm supposed to meet George.
Is the facility clean?
I'm sorry, I just wanted to help.
He can stay here for one night, no longer.
I was there for hours.
He introduced me to his fathers.
We're doing this wrong.
It made me feel close to her.
I didn't let Charlie finish what he was trying to say.
Harry told me that he thought that Julia still wanted to learn French.
The reason I did that was because George asked me to.
The storm will make it impossible for the ship to leave port.
Tommy is in a lot of pain.
Jack said he hasn't yet seen that video.
I arrive by train soon.
William's attitude is excellent.
We should have asked more questions.
Believe it or not, I can actually draw.
We could have escaped.
He pushed me out of his way.
Where else in Boston do you want to go?
Which do you like, green tea or black tea?
I am anxious about the result.
Susie didn't want to stay, but she did.
Green water is not good for drinking.
What's taking her so long? She's been in there forever.
Jacob almost never calls Lucy.
I need to talk to you for a minute.
He seems to know his stuff.
Now what's the deal?
I didn't think you could sell that.
In this group, there are my parents and my relatives.
You should have told me yesterday.
There isn't a cat in the cinema.
Jacob and Carmen said they were too tired to help John do that.
Remove the lamp from the table.
Isn't William with you?
I won't let James hurt Eva.
I didn't give you permission to leave.
That thou art.
Who would be crazy enough to do that?
You are carried along with the slide.
I know Muhammad doesn't need to do that anymore.
Eva is ready for that, isn't she?
This book didn't seem to interest Jami.
They said that they felt fine.
I kept trying to tell him, but Alex wouldn't listen.
Are you happy with your new car?
A sweet tongue, but a cruel heart.
We have already gone to the moon.
I think she was trying to pull a fast one.
They said that they enjoyed the concert.
I told William that I didn't know how to do that.
This is my best friend, James.
I've been told that I should do that again.
Would you ask Muhammad to talk to Monica?
He hopes to find fame as a poet.
He always looked happy, but never was.
I was enjoying the view.
Jack can understand you.
Experience will tell in this case.
Adam borrowed money to go to college.
I saw Oscar kissing another girl at the party.
I want to keep one.
About how much money do you have?
Could you please give the baby a bath?
I'm convinced that you're right.
For every problem, there is an answer that is short, simple, and wrong.
She came into the room.
She won't eat by herself, will she?
Aren't you planning to go to Boston with Adam?
One hundred years is called a century.
Can you show me your record collection?
It just stopped raining.
There is no future in his job.
I worked hard in order to pass the math test.
The only reason Mary did that was because everybody else in her family did.
I want to stick around, but I have a previous engagement.
Jami wouldn't do something like that.
Why do you suspect me?
Why didn't you come with me?
They all looked at her.
Let me handle them.
George and Anna said that they felt awkward.
I'm gonna watch football.
He was denied that pleasure.
Please come to my house.
Jack and I have played poker together many times.
I think I've broken my leg.
The concert is about to begin.
Oliver wasn't able to do what he said he could do.
Margaret has been sleeping in her car.
You're probably too young to understand what's happening.
James was not impressed.
That's certainly not it.
My neighbor's dog was barking.
I didn't think Jack would be so neat.
You never believed me.
He was really the man we were looking for.
He deserves his share.
I can see why Muhammad likes Anna.
Neither George nor Emma has a driver's license.
Alice used to drink a lot before she met Jami.
I let him talk.
Don't kill.
Jami had every right to do what he did.
Alex cursed.
I should have known Muhammad had something to do with it.
The police took pictures of the cigarette burns on Charlie's body.
Jack, Susie, John and Alice are all very hungry.
I do hope Alex gets well soon.
I've never seen this place so empty.
Alex was thrown in jail.
He promised me that he won't tell anybody.
Today's my lucky day.
You're in danger of becoming a good man.
I was sort of in the middle of something.
What a ding-a-ling!
They were in Joe's class last year.
I deserve to be treated with respect.
Charlie has some pretty stupid ideas.
I thought that he was innocent.
Much sooner than you think.
Margaret says she doesn't know where Oliver did that.
George is still not sure, is he?
Last night was particularly hot.
Can you spare five minutes?
I don't think that Tommy knows what Anna is going to do tomorrow.
Let's talk as we go along.
I don't know why she is this worried.
Harry made Lucy go first.
The same thing happened to us once.
Could you help us find a solution to the problem?
James told me that he enjoyed the concert.
He felt tired because he had worked longer than usual.
James never spoke to Mary about what happened.
I think Charlie is back from Boston.
I don't think you can sell that.
William and Anna said they'd rather not go to John's party.
He quit school last week.
The workers say they got a raw deal.
You seem to know a lot about baseball.
In an emergency he had nothing to fall back upon.
We only need a few more minutes.
Susie found what she was looking for under the table.
I want to go and change into that shirt that I bought yesterday.
I didn't expect I'd find them.
Can I hang out here till seven?
I'm moving away to Boston.
Adam thought Laur knew who he was.
We played poker the entire day.
They aren't as young as they say they are.
A man can't escape his past.
Alex and I are house hunting.
She claims that she's happy.
Let's go grab a bite somewhere.
Everyone's really happy.
She took me by the hand.
Jack is in his bedroom, counting his money.
Was Jack happy doing that?
You will tell me everything.
Alex should get started.
I've never met anybody like you.
I helped Alex onto the bus.
Tommy told me it wouldn't be a problem.
Margaret eventually admitted that she'd done that.
I can't wait for it!
I've been hunting with her.
Which is easier, this book or that book?
I asked you to come yesterday. Why didn't you come?
Thomas is very clever at work.
I made certain of that.
Slow down when you eat.
Tommy couldn't understand us.
What are you going to do afterwards?
No, I'm single.
I'd like us to be friends again.
I didn't know that Muhammad wouldn't be able to do that for me.
I don't think that I need to tell Alex about our plans.
Anna said she's never been arrested.
William said that Mary needs to do that as soon as possible.
Charlie thinks Laur made a big mistake.
I'll speak to her alone.
Does Charlie know that you don't know how to speak French?
Maybe we can circle back.
Get her out of here.
Even Harry is surprised that Alice lied.
I hope Muhammad is going to do that.
This tie goes well with the suit, I guess.
Why am I not surprised?
I didn't expect Charlie to be at school today.
Anna told me that she'd been sick.
Joe went to the park alone.
He is but a fair weather friend.
Many Americans still had money they had saved during the war.
This is my bag.
Dan was arrested at church.
Jacob is a middle child.
I don't want you to go home.
When the alarm clock goes off, I don’t move.
James runs a company in Boston.
Do Jack and Anna look like they're busy?
I actually like modern art.
The last time when I saw him, he was quite well.
She left without even saying good-bye to her friends.
He doesn't talk much, does he?
It would be unfair if we treated him so badly.
I'm kind of happy.
Charlie didn't know what to say, so he said nothing.
When I was alone, I was thinking about us.
I don't want the same things Charlie wants.
What were George and Margaret doing here?
Buy any dress you like.
I don't like her to go in such a dress.
What colour is your car?
I can't come with Oliver.
I know how important he is to you.
What did you feed your dog?
I paid 10 dollars for it.
The branch of that tree is full of birds.
Tommy said he doesn't enjoy doing that.
Charlie missed you.
I asked him his name.
Alex found a job in Boston.
I want to get smarter.
Someone has left the window open.
She said she's innocent.
Why did you challenge him?
I don't have to go back to Boston until Monday.
He has finished his work.
I'd never lend William any money.
A sentence is never innocent.
Adam has been waiting here for a long time.
Charlie is a really good worker.
William got ready to leave.
I need people who I can trust.
Do you think William will die?
I thought you said you wanted to be the one who did that for Jack.
The place is packed.
Alice knew there was nothing more she could do.
Muhammad thought Susie had a car.
Honestly...
Oliver said he hasn't decided what he'll do yet.
George and Julia informed John why they had to do that.
I thought you said you wanted to do that right away.
He said that he was ready to talk.
Can I see you outside?
I wonder if it's true.
They tried the bus.
If anyone should phone, say I'll be back at one o'clock.
You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus.
She wrote me a long letter.
Let's go for a walk together.
How do you know Adam isn't going to win?
I was in Australia with them.
He walked slowly for the child to follow.
Big boys don't cry.
James is in pretty good health.
Haven't James and Carmen suffered enough?
You're welcome to stay as long as you want.
I thought Emma wasn't drunk, but she was.
Don't ever do that.
Oscar moved home to be with his parents.
It just keeps getting worse and worse.
Where did you buy these shoes?
Alex said that Monica didn't look like a teacher.
I wish I could do that as well as you.
Most girls are kind.
I wish that I had a job.
He woke up in the middle of the night.
Tommy doesn't mind being told what to do.
I didn't think that you had any other choice.
She said she'd also help me do that.
Oscar and John are both married to women who are three years younger than they are.
Unfortunately, I do not feel well right now. It's not possible for me to go over to your place.
I found out Joe and Olivia speak very good French.
Emma didn't think she needed a new coat.
We are basketball players.
Ask Alex if Lucy will do that.
Alex said that Eva is lost.
I know you'll enjoy watching this movie.
Do it or die!
Jami was alone on Monday night.
Jack is calm, isn't he?
Alex drives more slowly than Julia.
Early to bed, early to rise.
Muhammad will be staying in Boston until October.
Don't forget to talk to him tomorrow.
I know that George is about the same age as your daughter.
The house is made of brick.
She dressed up and left for the party.
This gift is for my friend.
You're a friend of Adam's, eh?
Would you two knock it off with the loud noise? I'm trying to sleep.
I didn't think that George would still be downstairs.
His ideas don't deserve to be heard.
I don't know as many people as James does.
I'm sure you'll whip us up something really good.
I have visited more than nine countries to date.
I want to study abroad next year.
I love to climb mountains.
Joe cleared out his desk.
Marrying you was the biggest mistake I have ever made.
I never get a break.
I'm sorry, I don't speak English.
Oscar knows a man who lives in Boston.
James told me that he thought Margaret still had to do that.
Charlie told me he has no intention of marrying you.
By the time I returned, the concert was over.
Alright, guys, let's do this!
Is your car comfortable?
Emma said she wanted to stay home.
The little girl did nothing but cry.
The escaped prisoners are considered dangerous.
Will I be allowed to tell my story?
George said he thought that Olivia was going to win.
What do you do in Boston?
Adam was never cruel.
I knew that George couldn't speak French very well.
Harry said he hoped that he could learn how to do that.
Laur said she has to do that by herself.
Oscar understands the game plan.
I think I did the right thing.
That doesn't give you license to do as you please.
I think that Alex goes to Boston at least once a year.
We're here to see her.
I had to go back home.
We need a political revolution.
Jami and Eva aren't seeing each other anymore.
Adam was the engineer in charge.
I have to go shopping.
Bear south until you reach the river.
Muhammad tried on the shirt Monica made for him.
It's our last hope.
You were George's girlfriend when you were in high school, weren't you?
Tommy knew that he needed to buy a gift for Alice.
Tommy is someone we can trust, isn't he?
Never forget what matters.
All Oliver wanted was for Olivia to leave him alone.
Look alive.
Oliver and Carmen say they can't stand doing that.
Harry said he shot Laur three times.
Jami got Margaret to do that.
I've read that book before.
Alex thought that Mary was wasting her time studying French.
Just do it.
It's a step in the right direction.
Tommy was reading your paper last night, but I don't know if he finished it.
Margaret didn't tell Muhammad she wanted to do that.
Oscar isn't really sick.
Lucy can't find her bag.
You'll never find him.
Nobody said that.
Oscar told everybody that he was going to move to Boston.
I wrote down her address so as not to forget it.
What did you do with the Native Americans?
Tommy couldn't believe how cute Eva was.
I thought George wasn't afraid.
I told you before that I'm not interested in hanging out with you.
Everything that you say may be used against you.
James and Laur both had to sell their cars.
I haven't done that as many times as Oliver and Laur have.
I think we should tell George we love him.
She did that again, didn't she?
It doesn't work very well.
Let's go to Australia next summer.
I can buy that book for you.
When will that be?
She didn't go to school because she was ill.
We did that well.
You waited until Harry got there, didn't you?
It was a poor concert.
I think Muhammad is afraid of the dark.
I would like to go to the concert with you.
I wonder who that woman kissing James is.
Oscar thought that Carmen knew who to turn the report in to.
We never got to do stuff like this when I was a kid.
I wonder whether Jami and Catherine are still downstairs.
Would it be OK if I discussed it with my wife?
They haven't yet sold their houses.
Oscar didn't include that in the book.
I don't think Jack knows why Eva went to the hospital.
The police managed to track down the owner of the car.
I'm sure they'll come back for us.
The best way to learn a language is to live in a country where it's spoken.
I wonder who killed them.
That won't happen again soon.
I live in a house that was built in 2013.
That's always been our biggest problem.
How can you talk that way about your oldest friend?
If Jami is the problem, maybe you should get rid of him.
We should never forget it.
I'll see you tomorrow at breakfast.
I can't tell jokes as well as Alex can.
I asked Adam where he was born.
Oliver has been working all day long.
I want to build my own house.
I heard her to the end.
I told him that I get up at seven every morning.
You should cut up your meat before you eat it.
Oscar told Catherine that he'd be home on Monday.
Have George and Valentina ever told you why they don't like John?
I saw him beating the animal.
Oliver wants me to give him my old motorcycle.
You'll find out later.
You must do that again.
The ground is covered with snow.
That isn't the case.
How did you start working in Boston?
Jack and Lucy both stayed late after class.
It isn't worth it to repair this camera.
Not even Jack could've done this by himself.
Do you think Oscar and Emma will ever be friends?
You can smoke a pipe when you grow up.
That's her girlfriend.
I told Joe that I didn't need his help.
Frankly speaking, he is wrong.
Yesterday, Adam met one of his former teachers.
They look happy today.
Monica said she isn't able to do that.
I think it's time for me to study.
Jacob has an appointment this afternoon.
You must not live beyond your means.
Did you look at him?
There are signs everywhere.
I hope we'll never have to do that again.
I'd like to come along.
Oliver has no desire to go to Australia.
She thinks that she's related to me.
Jami stayed in Australia a few weeks.
William is going to be looking after the children while I'm at work.
Harry said that Anna wasn't sure what she was supposed to do.
I'd rather not give a speech.
Jacob won't allow Margaret to hug him anymore.
William thinks that if he had tried a little harder, he could've won the race.
I knew that George wouldn't mind if we did that.
We're determined to push on.
Did Joe ever tell you where the treasure was buried?
Please put their name on everything they take with them.
Who will take the place of his mother?
This hat is mine.
Are we still allowed to fish here?
I just might get to like this place.
I think Tommy is too shy to talk to you.
I bought a ticket to Boston.
Alexander Graham Bell invented the telephone.
I know I was wrong.
Oscar isn't going to leave Anna here by herself.
We're very busy right now.
Jami made fun of my accent.
James and Emma aren't as crazy as most people think they are.
Tommy is on his way back.
I don't know how long I'll have to wait before I become more creative.
Harry and Anna did more than their share.
William and Olivia told me that they thought John was single.
You can stay with me.
We're not very far from where it happened.
We hired Charlie yesterday.
Jack and Laur don't think I can do that, do they?
We walked eight miles a day and then caught a taxi back to the hotel in the evening.
We can't let Charlie walk. Let's give him a ride.
Every situation is different.
George is going to shoot me.
I promise I won't be late again.
Something is missing.
He's eating an ice cream.
He spent a little time on his lessons.
Oliver may look smart, but he's actually not very smart.
His answer was in the negative.
She got burned on her right hand.
It was entirely George's fault.
My shoes are bigger than Jacob's.
Many friends came to see us off.
I guess you already know my dad.
I'm watching her.
She wanted to get away from everyday life.
She wasn't ready for marriage.
You haven't changed your mind, have you?
I think Jami was supposed to go to school yesterday.
I'm sorry, I don't know what else to say.
They're no competition; our team can beat them hands down.
I think there has been some misunderstanding here.
Neither Muhammad nor Margaret has been working hard.
I am not a doctor.
You never told me that before.
I doubt very seriously Jack will quit doing that.
You got Alex, didn't you?
I knew that George would want to sing.
Jacob's a nice guy. Everyone likes him.
Do you not enjoy the steak at this English restaurant?
My Latin is getting rusty.
You didn't know Adam was supposed to do that yesterday, did you?
It's time for us to get a move on.
Could you tell me the way to the subway station?
There's nothing else we want to do.
Somebody came to our house.
He is cross because she always comes late.
He fits the description in the newspaper.
I plan to telephone Mary tomorrow and ask her to help.
I realize there's more here than meets the eye.
Every room has a bed.
We seemed then to be all of the same age.
All teachers need to go to teacher's college before they are allowed to teach.
If I can help you with something, just say so.
She spoke as though nothing had happened.
I know Alex lives on Park Street, but I'm not exactly sure where.
I can't get anything right.
That guy is completely nuts!
I need a clean shirt.
Don't you want to go to school?
He doesn't smoke and he doesn't drink vodka.
Charlie and Alice said they've always been good at sports.
James is stuck.
He was told he needs to do that.
Jami wasn't the first one to do that.
We cannot trust what she says.
Julia says she's very happy here.
James says he needs it today.
Muhammad said that he plans to do that.
Jacob needs to be more specific.
Joe isn't really in Boston now, is he?
The words of a drunk man are the thoughts of a sober man.
Jacob seriously has to consider doing that.
My problem is I don't trust you.
Harry should probably tell Valentina what she wants to know.
I like the view.
I got that from them.
It's made of steel.
Oliver knows I didn't cry.
You're nice guys.
James jumped out of his bed.
Charlie has been very generous.
The trip will only take a day if all goes well.
Joe hopes he'll be able to get back to Boston next October.
I'm very sorry I didn't do that.
Try to have a positive attitude about everything.
She told me that she has bought a record.
Won't Alex be joining us?
You must feel very relieved.
You don't need to know where I keep my money.
Tomorrow is Tuesday.
This woman definitely knows that she doesn't know what she wants.
Have you washed your hands?
Someone here just found his new favorite band.
He went through a lot when he was younger.
If it were not for his assistance, we could not carry out the project.
She told me she's losing weight.
She drives everybody up the wall.
Our teacher said: "Of course you can".
Joe said he thought Alice might not be required to do that again.
Make sure that you do it yourself.
The post office is just across from the store.
Catherine said she wanted to go.
He looks after his mother.
I can't think of anything to write about.
Doing that will be a piece of cake.
I wasn't surprised when George told me why he didn't like Eva.
What do you call this flower in French?
I promise that I'll be nice to you from now on.
I'm hoping that something interesting happens.
I introduced two of my friends at the party.
I should be back here in about an hour.
Do you remember the first time that you saw this movie?
Think about how you'd feel if that happened to you.
I just hope I don't do something stupid.
She needed a hammer.
Thank you for writing.
Charlie and Emma said they'd expected John to get home on Monday.
George said that he was psychic.
I haven't signed the contract yet.
He won't do that here, will he?
She said she was somewhat confused.
Everyone wants to know what's going to happen.
Harry said that Catherine is willing to do that for me.
Oliver should be getting ready for the party.
Do it again, the same as last time.
It seems that on clear, sunny days they could also use the sun to find their way home.
Adam taught his children French.
He can't make me do that.
I can't wait to find out how I did on the test.
Apparently, it's not too early to apply.
According to the doctors, Alex has not recovered yet.
I didn't know what should be done.
My family need to know that you got me pregnant.
Charlie was hit on the head.
James led Julia into the cave.
Please show us your proof.
She was nearly frozen to death in the snow.
He armed himself with all the facts before asking questions at the meeting.
They said they're shy.
Tommy is a basketball player, isn't he?
I thought that for a second Harry was going to faint.
I thought I had until 2:30.
I don't worry about that stuff.
I hope Jack doesn't lose his temper.
What more do I need to know?
Spanish is spoken in twenty countries.
Adam dies.
I see they've given you a promotion.
Oliver could buy all of those if he really wanted them.
You see, but you do not observe.
Her behavior struck me as silly.
Oliver and Catherine are here in Boston.
I had to come yesterday.
Tommy drinks every day.
Where did she learn to speak French?
Do you swear to tell the truth and nothing but the truth?
I'm sure Tommy will be confused.
I don't feel like taking my dog for a walk this morning.
Don't put out your hand.
What a man!
I thought I was going to be able to afford to buy a house by the time I was thirty.
I believe it's more than coincidence.
People sometimes ask me what I'm going to do when I retire.
William said he wished you would do that for him.
Jacob made me kill the rat.
Are you planning a trip anytime soon?
He let the dog loose in the garden.
Joe did that three years ago.
I don't think Oscar would be happy doing that.
I know that Tommy knows why I don't like to do that.
We need to get you some help.
Could you tell me about your company?
I never meant for Jami to get in trouble.
I told you to stop doing that.
Few people think so.
Let's put the past behind us.
He's read a lot of books.
Her friends protected her.
She left the room.
I knew that information.
Now we understand.
Alex and Carmen didn't know how long they'd slept.
Do you really want to wait till Oliver and Susie show up?
I think I'd rather not do that.
I didn't know that Jacob wouldn't like doing that.
William may be eating now.
Oliver asked Lucy to call him after dinner.
No one would talk about it.
I know Jami knew Anna should've done that by herself.
Joe doesn't want you to get hurt.
I loved reading when I was a child.
Oliver said he's doing just fine.
Soldiers are trained to use weapons.
The Russians are on our side.
Can I have one too?
Do you think Joe likes his job?
I thought that you were at the gym.
Anna has lived in Boston since she was three.
Susie is guilty, isn't she?
What would happen if all the people of the world lived like Americans?
You have given me so much.
We must contact the police at once.
I don't know what you're trying to say.
I think they saw me.
I didn't even know Muhammad could speak French.
He would not give the order.
Jacob said he needed money so he could buy something to eat.
Jami told me that he thought Alice didn't know how to speak French.
She said she told you.
Muhammad may be busy.
Harry quickly agreed.
Alex said he's sure Anna won't win.
Are they gone?
I'm not so worried.
How about $100 for three?
I have already finished this book.
George seems to be a really nice person.
I refused to be paid.
Did you tell Adam and Lucy what I told you to tell them?
Jack isn't here now.
Joe said that Carmen has wanted to learn how to drive for a long time.
I knew Harry wasn't going to see me.
Give us a little more.
My father will not be busy tomorrow.
I am fond of cars.
I usually don't lie.
Mary is back on schedule, isn't she?
Mary jumped into her car.
I'm going to need to see a photo ID.
I mean to quit this company.
I don't want to be the bad guy anymore.
We watched the soccer game on TV.
Aren't you going to take the bus home?
She said she was glad she'd done that.
Try to forget everything I've told you.
It was really good to see you again.
I thought Jack and Monica were your friends.
I thought that we said tomorrow.
Keep your cool.
He was hoping he could win.
This woman's hair is smooth.
We've lost contact.
Will you go, too?
Muhammad said Lucy seemed tired.
Is the sun shining?
Did I ever tell you about how I met Jacob?
Do you think it will fit here?
What you're doing is just a waste of time.
I know why Jack left.
I entered her room.
I'll make sure he doesn't escape justice.
I have to hide.
Those were ten minutes I'll never get back.
I've been to Australia a couple of times.
I think that he's trying to impress the girl who lives next door.
Oscar was sitting at the counter all alone.
I can't help myself.
I appreciate your problem, but it can't be helped.
Promise that you won't tell Muhammad.
Both of them said they would come.
Go find someone else to play with.
As far as I am concerned, everything is all right.
Could you please dry your hands? There's a towel over there.
Harry isn't running.
Jack is going to do just fine.
I suspect Joe is doing that now.
Adam and Laur say they can pay for it.
What did Jack and Lucy do this morning?
The eye may see for the hand, but not for the mind.
Let's talk about him.
My guess is that it will be fine tomorrow.
It's not a good car, but it's a car.
Margaret said she thought Alex might not want to do that.
He lived a lonely life in the forest.
Oliver says everybody he knows does that.
I wasn't interested in what was going on.
Is there any chance that Jack can win?
George has told me he won't do that anymore.
My clothes are dirty.
He played a key role in the movement.
I never dreamed that I'd ever be so happy.
Muhammad should have been mad.
They said they agreed.
James and Lucy should be proud of themselves.
This will be a very dangerous mission.
The test samples were due to arrive three days ago.
This apartment is within walking distance of campus.
Were you able to open up and talk?
Jacob is the one who found my wallet.
Right?
I wonder whether William is sick.
How are things going at the gallery?
I know that Muhammad didn't know we shouldn't do that.
I thought that George refused to do that.
Did anyone think to ask Oliver?
I'll do that if I have to.
Oliver said he'd try to do that.
I think he likes me.
Let's see if Joe can help.
Don't fail to call me back.
The music got my imagination working.
Have you gotten yours?
I'll make a copy for you.
I saw fear in his eyes.
It's just not what we do.
Oscar doesn't have to decide right away.
Everybody's really angry.
We are no longer young.
I think you should know I don't understand French very well.
Charlie was caught in a shower on his way home from work.
I should've never trusted Jami.
All that I know is that he gave up the plan.
Big men are not necessarily strong men.
Carmen looks like she's jealous.
James is moving on with his life.
There's no chance that Jacob will forget to do that.
I think that Oscar lives somewhere around here.
Are there any mistakes in this exercise?
I'd never been there before.
They're going to hang her.
Everybody knows that he lost his leg in the war.
He has come down in the world.
How long did you wait?
This is the 66.666th Spanish sentence.
Tommy can do that by himself now.
It is white as snow.
Joe took his place at the table.
I know why she quit her job.
You may do that anywhere you want.
I believe Tommy did the right thing.
Margaret did that for herself, not for us.
I wrote this letter.
Joe and I don't plan to sing together.
I'm not the least bit worried about it.
You're going to be late for work, aren't you?
Catherine said she's not sure whether Alex wants to do that.
James bought what he wanted.
I never had a chance to give William the message.
Jami has more important things to worry about.
I think we have everything we need.
I don't have to help Adam today.
James hasn't actually been to Australia yet.
Can you hold this for a second?
The king once lived in that palace.
Did Jami tell you I was going to sing?
Jack didn't even shake my hand.
My sister has many friends.
My ex-boyfriend is obsessed with me.
James likely doesn't know where I am.
You're a horrible singer.
I'll give him a hand.
When a man is tired of London, he is tired of life; for there is in London all that life can afford.
I saw you having coffee this morning with Jami.
Eva said that she felt hot.
I want to know everything there is to know about you.
He was in the hot seat.
We must keep Tommy from doing that.
I want to buy a shirt for my little brother.
Would you like to dance with me?
She loved her dog.
Why don't you have kids?
To the best of my knowledge, the rumor is not true.
I'm not drunk. I'm just really tired.
Joe and I'll be all right.
James tried really hard to win.
What else could it have been?
I've got them all.
I'm glad to finally meet you.
He pushed her into the swimming pool.
I'll try to contact Oliver by phone, but he's likely to have already left by now.
Jami leaves his dirty clothes lying all over the house.
Do you live nearby?
Your question is hard for me to answer.
Something happened in Australia.
I know nothing about Australia.
They have many friends.
It would've been better if you had gone to Australia with George.
We're smart.
People love the tradition of buying records and then playing them at home.
Neither of us will do that.
F*uk it
Lucy is pretty sharp, isn't she?
Next, please.
Let's stop playing games.
I will not wait forever.
A potential third party would not be able to crack the code.
We'll be happy to call you back.
I couldn't make it to the meeting as I was sick.
They meet every Monday here in Boston.
George, with his good manners and winning smile, is popular with both men and women.
George is determined to do that for Carmen.
William is running into debt.
I was hoping I could help Muhammad do that.
We'll take Charlie home.
Don't forget about me.
I thought we said 2:30.
Emma is swimming with her kids in the pool.
There was a lot I didn't know about Jami.
She said she's seen people do that.
I knew something bad was likely to happen.
Everyone sat down to eat.
I'm pretty sure that Joe knows that we're here.
Catherine didn't raise her voice.
She said she would quit doing that.
I'm in Boston today.
Do the best you can!
I don't know what's the matter with me.
Laur recognized Joe as soon as she saw him.
I want you to buy me a ticket, too.
May you and your family be happy.
Who cares when she will marry?
We could do with Charlie's help. Could you work on him a bit?
How did you know where Oscar hid his key?
I guess Joe was in Boston.
Are you nervous?
They aren't sure they want to do that.
They're both single.
Are there going to be any girls?
They've taken Jacob home.
Oliver was able to do that better than I thought he'd be able to.
"Don't you have friends?" "Of course."
Did you go to office yesterday?
I don't have a reason to live.
Why are you lying to them?
I think you're mad.
He said he was prepared.
He didn't doubt that Ben had something to do with the crime.
Adam is old enough to drive, isn't he?
Whatever we do, we must be careful.
They said they'd retire this year.
George wanted to have his car painted blue.
We often hear you sing.
You owe me a kiss.
She's upstairs in my room.
We were young then.
How come you know so much about Adam?
James said he thought that he was the only one who needed to do that.
The wind still blows hard.
Do you work with them?
Take the medicine three times a day.
Something must've happened in Australia.
He can't do without cigarettes even for a day.
Let's do that at Alex's house.
He said that he was worn out.
You're going to ruin it.
I was given to understand that she was ill.
That's what you get for giving your heart to someone who never deserved it.
Does Jack make money?
What are you wearing tonight?
When did you get this note?
I don't want to hear about them.
I'm pretty sure William has never been to Australia.
I knew I'd find you with him.
Jami wants to talk to you about what happened.
What's your favorite city in the world?
Tommy isn't the only one who offered to help.
Muhammad and Carmen said their house wasn't locked.
Valentina told me why she wasn't at the meeting.
I didn't know that Tommy would eventually want to do that.
He wants a watch for his birthday.
I watched television after having my meal.
Does their opinion count?
Julia hurt her left leg.
I hope this wasn't a waste of my time.
Jack and Margaret say they don't think they could do that kind of thing.
You're not here, so I'm really sad.
I'll fix this.
I will make sure of it.
Oscar is a very clever student.
Tommy was the most handsome man at Emma's party.
She killed her mother.
George had no hat on.
I know that Tommy doesn't know that he's not supposed to be doing that.
Harry isn't sure.
Try not to get lost.
You're not used to talking a lot.
We take nothing for granted.
Let us drink tea.
Can you at least tell me your name?
Don't you three ever go to Australia together?
He stood there with his hat on.
I explained it to him.
Oliver's testimony continues tomorrow.
The first time that I held my girlfriend's hand was on the school bus.
What time are you checking out?
He took a walk before breakfast.
She likes this game.
He told me he'd win, but he didn't.
You will find the job easy.
I'm staying with friends.
They came in one by one.
What is his wife like?
I think that William can help us do that next week.
It's really going to be OK.
Harry is only a little bit younger than Emma.
Muhammad said that he didn't see anyone else.
You've been living in Boston too long.
Does James have it?
I wonder if that woman over there is married.
He stood up to go inside.
Just like here.
Margaret doesn't really believe that, does she?
I'm not at fault.
If you've had a lot to drink, it's best not to drive.
I will look after this child.
Jami is sitting outside, enjoying the warm weather.
I think we should do more.
Charlie hasn't done anything wrong.
Charlie said he hadn't seen Mary for a long time.
Oliver seemed to be carrying some kind of weapon.
I will take both this one and that one.
Jack said that you could have this if you wanted it.
Oliver was still doing that when I got there.
I advise you not to walk home after dark.
Harry asked me to teach him how to drive.
How does George plan to help?
Why do you suppose Oliver did that?
I'm trying to get my children back.
Would it be OK if Jacob and I stayed here by ourselves?
I'm afraid that Jack will say no.
You never have any doubts, do you?
I didn't want to go back to jail.
Jacob went to the lake.
Adam and Emma can both do that quite well.
I have very little money.
I saw Harry driving your car.
What's the price of a ticket?
How much did they give you for your old car?
I don't know if Adam will agree to go or not.
They will keep their promise.
Adam gave Alice everything he owned.
Joe knew something was missing.
That was foolish of them.
Jami is upset right now, isn't he?
What else do you want to buy?
I compared this picture with that picture.
I didn't know Alex was going to be through by 2:30.
Oscar still goes to Australia a few times a year.
Oliver should give Carmen a chance to do that.
Carmen is very lazy, isn't she?
I was only dancing with Mary.
He spoke to the point.
I gave them a present for their anniversary.
He's in his third year.
Have faith in yourself.
Nothing blew up!
You seem really familiar.
Odd, isn't it? We should have already arrived.
Charlie and Anna told me they weren't planning on staying very long.
Where did you say you got this?
What did James find?
When was the last time you took a shower?
Jami will likely complain about that.
George never leaves home without his phone.
This is your pilot speaking.
He can't take care of himself.
Tommy almost got away with it.
This is the town where he was born.
She won't forget this.
We went swimming in the river yesterday.
This modern building is ugly.
You were right about Harry.
Alex takes a bath every day.
I guess Oliver isn't at home.
Tommy was killed in October.
How do you think that the court will decide?
Laur is going to miss her flight.
Charlie just found out that Catherine is already married.
Come on, we need to hurry.
It's ten minutes' walk to the station.
I thought that we were past that.
Lead us on the right path.
George is serving a life sentence now.
James isn't very good at what he does.
Tommy and Emma told me that they'd help us.
That should've never happened.
I forgot to tell Muhammad about Margaret.
Tommy seems to always be running into people he knows.
I couldn't take that chance.
I don't think Muhammad and Susie enjoy hanging out with us.
George is thirty years old, but he looks much older.
Muhammad and Valentina are very smart, aren't they?
Where did you find my wallet?
I wonder if Carmen's friends would help her.
We prefer to do our own work.
George and Olivia have both put on some weight since the last time I saw them.
You're the only other person who knows where Jami and Monica are.
It was quite possible to buy a house, just as it is in England, provided one gives up the idea of buying a home one likes, and at a reasonable price.
I figured everybody knew that.
I thought I might be required to do that.
Muhammad didn't decide to become a writer until he was thirty.
James can't handle this job on his own.
Oliver was crying the entire time.
I ran all the way home.
Look what happened to me.
Leave your coffee there so it can cool off.
Which one's the kid in this photo?
She told me that she wasn't happy.
Muhammad had to run to catch the bus.
I've left home.
We all die in the end.
William seems to have done that already.
I'll ask Adam for you.
If you don't mind telling me, what was your problem?
It looks like Oscar is desperate.
Everybody who was anybody was there.
I didn't know you were going to be early.
I know that Jami knows why Monica didn't do that yesterday.
What time did they all return?
I can walk day and night.
I think you're a terrific kid.
In the first place, it's too expensive, and in the second place, I don't like it.
A gentleman would not do such a thing.
Jack was absent-minded.
Muhammad was there for me when I needed him.
Harry said he was going to stay up all night.
Companies are less loyal to their workers.
No one knows the future.
He got angry with us.
I followed George's advice.
Dan and Linda went to a restaurant.
They didn't seem like themselves today.
Jack said he thought I looked sad.
This is the worst place in the world.
I play piano.
We like pizza.
Mother went through the forest.
Where did you eat last night?
I don't want to sing with you anymore.
Let's forget this happened.
Just believe me.
Don't mention this to Tommy.
When I got out of jail, the first thing I bought was an economy car.
Would you ask Alex to call me back, please?
Adam asked for my permission to use the phone.
Is there something I can do for you?
My explanation may sound strange.
I should've said something.
How soon does the bus leave?
Jack is a great guy, but we're really different.
James should have married Susie.
Those who know me know that I'm pretty good at chess.
Does this still work?
Oscar is only doing what he was told to do.
George isn't sure how to proceed.
You don't really think that Oliver did that on purpose, do you?
That was easier to do than Tommy said it would be.
Alice is already home, isn't she?
The child was crying for her mother.
In the last few years he has developed the bad habit of being rude to his friends.
Can you cover for me?
Books were lying about in the room.
We can do a lot more.
I like beef more than anything.
I know you still love him.
Jack said he needed more time.
Tommy fell asleep as soon as the lights went out.
Muhammad could easily have done that.
What time did you arrive at the hospital?
James died from his injuries.
I just got engaged.
Make your students read books that make them think more.
We just needed to stay together.
Jack and Margaret know they can trust us.
I think George could be eating right now.
Smoking may be deadly.
I don't like that too much.
I didn't know that Adam knew anyone who could do that.
We need to teach George how to survive.
She said that she felt left out.
Susie said that she was feeling tired.
Adam didn't tell me why he didn't do that.
You were so good at tennis. Why did you give it up?
I got hurt when I slipped and fell.
I really wanted to see George.
I don't think that George will be too tired to go dancing.
William said that Susie doesn't think John will do that to you.
Either Mary doesn't want to do that or she can't.
They all laughed at his error.
Take me seriously.
To many hands in that pot for me.
This is a picture of the hotel we stayed at in Australia.
Adam told Julia to be more polite.
They're pretty much in agreement.
I know this isn't difficult.
Oscar is quite intelligent.
I know that James didn't know that Emma was going to do that.
Is doing that OK?
Everyone wants to hear what everyone wants to hear.
William stopped to take a close look at the car.
Anna can swim, can't she?
Wood can be made into all sorts of things.
I like to perform magic tricks for kids, but they sometimes fall flat.
I can understand Italian, but I can't speak it.
He said that he was serious.
It's been three weeks since George moved to Boston.
Alex couldn't understand why no one else seemed to be happy.
He was let out after serving just two years of his four-year prison sentence.
Will you tell her?
I'm studying the English drama.
It's not sure it will happen.
He did what he always does.
He doesn't seem to be aware of the conflict between my father and me.
Jack is a little creepy now.
'The child is father to the man' is certainly well said.
The conference went according to plan.
Valentina had other things she wanted to do.
He tried to make up for lost time.
Neither Joe nor Laur has promised to do that.
Muhammad said that would likely never happen.
We're preparing ourselves for battle.
Why do we have to go to Boston?
She would not change her mind.
Jack hoped the doctors would tell him that he didn't need surgery.
I'm not the same person I was three years ago.
Let me take the wheel.
We have to do that right away.
The bus was almost empty.
Could you please put me up for the night?
They were, for the most part, college students.
I'm in love with the girl next door.
Tommy was here at that time.
Lucy lived in Australia when she was younger, I think.
Many people like our book.
It's really cool looking.
Let's get something to eat.
I got up and went to the window.
She said that she wanted to do that.
Muhammad has absolutely no idea what he's supposed to do.
I'll write to him.
I'll make a deal with you right now.
Harry walked down Park Street.
Charlie's face is red.
Give us a call when you arrive.
Jacob and Lucy haven't heard from John in a long time.
Alex must miss his family.
Give me thirty dollars now and I'll pay you back Monday.
James didn't tell me Carmen was his sister.
I'm aware of the facts.
George didn't think I'd notice that he wasn't there.
Can you show me?
I don't think that Jack will be at home tonight.
Harry said he knew the reason why Mary wanted to do that.
George has decided to re-enlist.
Jacob stopped at his grandfather's farm on his way to Boston.
What's the first thing you did?
Jack's lying and cheating finally did him in.
I might do the same.
You should have left half an hour earlier.
Muhammad doesn't know whether to believe Catherine or not.
I'm William's teacher.
Julia made her husband's breakfast.
I always thought that Jami and Julia were married to each other.
I've known how to do that since I was a kid.
Shall I get out my guitar?
How can I be a better dad and a better husband?
I have not touched my wife in twenty-one years.
Some people say William and I are a little weird.
Why don't you call Jami and Julia and remind them?
Do you go by train or car?
Maybe we can talk later.
They do get around, don't they?
I know that Alex is afraid to go outside.
You're not the first person to say so.
James and Valentina got married young.
She has already finished the work.
My father will get well soon.
The desire is the father of the thought.
I thought that it was a good idea at the time.
Jacob opened his eyes and looked around the room.
I don't think that we have to do anything else.
I like to play in the garden.
You are selling him short.
It was hard for me to refuse his request.
I should probably tell Oliver I can't do that.
I met her a few weeks ago.
Stop the car now.
You'd be crazy to stay.
I was probably wrong.
They found Charlie guilty, right?
Don't ever say that to Joe.
Would you ever consider dating your best friend's ex-boyfriend?
Did you find out who did it?
Once upon a time, there was a beautiful princess.
George told me that Mary wasn't suspicious.
Muhammad doesn't want you to know that he really didn't want to do that.
We just came to Boston last week.
Oliver and Laur still live in Boston.
I know that I'm not yet ready to do that.
She is looked up to.
I've tried to be your friend.
She started her own company.
Adam thought he was doing Julia a favor.
That's how I got to know her.
What do you want me to tell Charlie and Eva if they call?
It is no use trying to solve this problem.
She is really very beautiful!
I work for her.
Jacob fought well.
Why do you like them?
Tommy thinks Laur is ugly.
I hope Adam and Lucy don't have to do that.
I thought that I told you that was to be kept a secret.
I'm drinking tea.
Jami and Julia got divorced last year.
Adam was surprised that Anna ate so much.
Let Muhammad and Olivia watch anything they want.
They say she's sick.
Stop doing that.
This isn't my day.
I love you - I love you too.
What's going on, Adam?
Did he check them?
Why is he learning Spanish?
I'm looking for a place to eat.
He has a life sentence.
Joe didn't see a way out.
She told me to meet her at her house.
Would you like to go out and get something to eat?
Because of his habit of wasting money, he couldn't get married.
The sun set, so they quit work.
I do not quite understand what you mean.
This no longer matters.
Does Alex still rely on his parents?
I don't think that William is a loser.
Muhammad's mother makes all his clothes.
I'm going to Australia in the fall.
Charlie said that Alice didn't look like her mother at all.
"Who was there?" "Only Harry."
Mary says that she won't do that again.
There is nothing in the Heavens and on the Earth that love cannot give.
Perhaps I didn't explain it well enough.
It's way past the time that Oliver promised that he'd be here.
What's your favorite restaurant in Boston?
They should thank me.
She tried to stab me in the back.
Oscar and Anna say they don't think John does that.
Julia knows that Alex doesn't like her very much.
I could use a good laugh.
I heard a call for help.
She's only two years old, but she can already count to 100.
He disappeared into thin air.
That's their plan.
Please don't say that you won't let Oscar play with me anymore.
I don't think that Tommy knows what he did wrong.
I didn't think Muhammad had to do that.
William and Monica thought they wouldn't be able to do that by themselves.
George informed Valentina that she had to do that.
Do you have another one?
Monica didn't think Tommy would leave without her.
I don't want to cut my hair.
Jami loves basketball.
I hadn't expected anyone to be home.
Jami is quite wrong.
Her parents hate him.
I'll phone him.
I'm sure I've met that man somewhere, but I don't remember who he is.
It wasn't a pleasant job.
Monica ran too fast for me to catch her.
She was a super hot teacher.
I think Jacob was hiding something.
He just doesn't get it.
Tommy plays table tennis fairly well.
Nothing is like it used to be.
I don't know how to get there.
We should make it if the traffic isn't too heavy.
I thought you knew me.
I felt all the more sad to hear that.
The trailer goes with the car.
His illness comes of drinking too much.
Sheep eat grass.
I have a cabin in the mountains about three hours from my house.
Charlie burned the cookies.
I wonder where Adam and Anna plan to do that.
Have you been living in Australia long?
Adam told me he's never coming back here.
Let's save the ones we can save.
Did Adam push you?
Those houses are all alike.
It was done before.
Joe is talking to himself.
I know Charlie didn't know that he shouldn't do that here.
Joe knows the rules.
He must not live.
Had I written it down, I wouldn't have forgotten it.
He is not a man to deal with a lot of problems.
I really don't understand this problem.
Tommy is sick, it seems.
Oliver didn't say where he was born.
I don't think I've done anything wrong.
I wonder if Oscar and Susie are still here.
It doesn't matter whether you do that or not.
Let's go to church.
Some kind of physical education is important for children in this day and age.
I may be as bad as the worst, but, thank God, I am as good as the best.
They didn't want to sell their cars.
Do you see my son?
I don't know where Jami and Mary want to do that.
I didn't know that Tommy liked horror movies.
Do you want to go for a walk with me?
You should make your attitude clear.
Jack is married with three sons.
Are you still friends with them?
I didn't know I was supposed to do that today.
Days are getting longer.
George refused to answer Margaret.
My father usually leaves home while I am in bed.
Can you hold on a little longer?
We've finally stopped the bleeding.
What in the world does that mean?
Do you really think Tommy and Lucy are thirsty?
I don't like the color of the walls in my office.
Life's too short to drink cheap wine.
I just have one thing to say to those who hate me: It's your problem.
A bank not too far from here got robbed yesterday.
I have one thought in mind.
Oliver said he'd be back before 2:30.
This car looks angry.
We played a lot of golf together.
I wish there was more time.
I told Jami I'd be willing to loan him some money.
You should tell Muhammad that Anna is planning to go.
It didn't surprise me at all that Joe didn't do what he'd told Catherine he was going to do.
What's going on with you, Oliver?
He came to look for trouble.
Put under the patient's feet a roll.
Who can best handle the problem?
I shouldn't have eaten the whole bag of potato chips.
There's a huge black widow spider in my room!
I assumed that you would come.
I assume that you're not interested in playing tennis with us this afternoon.
We thought we had the game in the bag.
I didn't understand what he said.
Our baseball team had a good season.
I feel that she's here somewhere.
I'm pretty sure Jacob has relatives in Boston.
I don't know anything about science.
That's no good, Alex.
I don't know what that meant.
No one pays any attention to me.
Jami and Susie told me they're tired.
Alex said that he had fully recovered.
I'm crazy for you.
My heart grew light when I saw him drive away.
Jack doesn't know Olivia is unhappy.
I realized I shouldn't have done that as soon as I did it.
I wouldn't wear that ugly coat even if I were very cold.
I've told them all to come.
William's voice filled the room.
James said not doing that isn't an option.
Jack told me that he's broke.
The heavy rain kept us from going out.
George didn't seem surprised when he saw Lucy kissing John.
He won't let you in his house.
Tommy said that Eva wasn't very mad.
Everything is working.
I know that Tommy used to do that.
Let Susie buy whatever she wants.
What do Adam and Lucy expect from you?
Muhammad told Eva that he couldn't do that.
I sure hope James and Alice do that.
"William, I'm hungry." "Me too."
Aren't you the one who took my knife?
I have a lot of money on me now.
There is a rumor that gold has been found in the valley.
I'll pick up the photographs at six o'clock.
We heard what sounded like gunshots.
He fixed the computer.
I assure you I won't be late.
Joe might be in Boston with Valentina.
William turned down my offer.
The weather was terrific.
I miss my cat.
I didn't think that Jacob was satisfied.
I feel like a kid again.
I told you George would come.
I thought Oscar and Susie were here with you.
Who is the Assistant Manager?
Oscar has been a really good customer.
It's not actually raining yet.
Joe hardly ever speaks French anymore.
Is Adam nervous?
Jack showed Catherine a lot of his pictures.
He cleared his throat.
I just need to get something off my chest.
They are up to no good.
I don't want to be the one to do that.
Let me pass.
Joe said Emma went to Boston.
Lucy said she wanted to play golf with Alex.
Alex didn't want to talk about his feelings.
Charlie is in some sort of coma.
Laur hoped that Alex would come to her party.
Muhammad heard the sound of breaking glass.
I just moved to Boston last month.
He wrote this fairy tale by himself.
Jami and Emma studied together.
He abandoned the idea.
From now on, don't forget the key.
When you get out of the toilet, wash your hands.
I have no reason to lie to them.
Tommy was the one who told me about that.
When were you last here?
It has Joe's name on it.
When did you go to bed yesterday?
Mr. Jackson is my science teacher this year.
That really made sense.
Jacob says he's willing to do that for me.
I knew Harry was a bright kid.
Jami doesn't consider himself a hero.
Charlie never would've asked.
Joe wanted to teach French.
I know that Jami would like to know that you're planning to do that.
Olivia told me she grew up in Australia.
What's your favorite non-fiction book?
It is our policy not to give out personal information.
I saw him coming out of the hotel.
Aren't you going to Australia tomorrow?
Usually I wake up early.
I don't think that Adam knows what Margaret needs to do.
He's both tall and fat.
Tommy and Alice don't play golf as much as they used to.
Now it's your problem.
I'm not going to call Jami.
If he doesn't agree, he can just say so.
I thought that you wouldn't have to do that.
She told me she had a headache.
Halt! You are not allowed to park here!
Adam isn't as poor as most people assume he is.
Joe says he saw Susie in the park.
Charlie paid for my lawyer.
Lucy sold her car.
She said she could take it.
I don't know if Harry and Eva speak French or not.
Many children dream of playing in the World Cup.
Nobody saw them do it.
That was rather good, wasn't it?
I should've known something was up.
Do you have any bleeding?
James tried to relax, but he couldn't.
I think what you say is true.
It would've been great if we could've done that together.
Who are Muhammad and Carmen going to Boston with?
I bought this hat for 2000 yen.
I told him not to throw stones.
Tommy said that he hopes to be back in October.
Jacob and Monica looked at one another for a few minutes.
Tommy looked like he hadn't slept in days.
William was relieved to see a familiar face.
"May I help you?" "No, thank you. I'm just looking."
Why would James lie about that?
I don't think that Oliver knows everybody's name.
Oscar told me that he was glad that was going to happen.
What's the name of the song that Harry was singing?
Go ahead and do that if you want.
I want to be happier.
I don't have any time for you right now.
He's playing with his son.
I asked Tommy and Margaret what they thought was going to happen.
The thought crossed my mind.
These windows look to the south.
The ship was carrying a lot of passengers on board.
Harry has very few friends in Boston.
I don't think that Tommy will have to do that.
It's a necessary piece of equipment.
What have they done to him?
Put these pictures up us for wall, please.
In a happy marriage, woman is a little blind and man is a little deaf.
I wonder why William didn't want to do that.
I told George he needed to be here by 2:30.
Harry wanted to buy some sugar.
Oscar says Eva is good at doing that.
He stopped smoking for the sake of his health.
I wanted to try it too.
He is riding for a fall.
What? That's what she called me?
Alice seemed surprised when I told her Jack wasn't here.
I wish I hadn't let Alex and Emma do that.
I thought it was a good fit.
I admit I didn't do that.
Jami packed a suitcase and left.
I love a happy ending.
Adam and Valentina said that they were interested.
I've never lied to her.
I knew that Charlie wouldn't enjoy the party.
They said they're not doing that.
Just tell me where Jack is.
Adam is planning on going tomorrow, isn't he?
He did shoot her!
This is not a hospital.
Charlie takes me to school.
Some friends can't be replaced.
Charlie said that he thought that you wouldn't want to do that.
Joe and Monica don't plan on doing that until I tell them to.
Many decisions are not closely related to life.
Oliver got out of the pool and then jumped back in.
I saw Jami kissing another girl.
Please take care of it.
He began to play an old song.
Jacob said Valentina was going to ask John to do that.
Brian is holding Kate's hands.
Oscar is likely to be outside near the pool.
Please give me a wake-up call at eight o'clock.
If Jacob does that, it'll be a big mistake.
Try it yourself.
I really should've left earlier.
The pain is killing me.
I have done what I could not leave.
James seemed pretty mad.
I see no reason why I shouldn't put it into practice.
I thought you said you didn't like Oliver.
Mike is the only man on the board.
Everyone seemed to enjoy the concert.
How long does Tony run every day?
Do you ever rest?
She leaves her TV on all day.
I don't think I'd like doing that by myself.
George is going to live in Boston for at least three years.
Is there anything else you need?
Harry hopes Valentina knows she has do what John asks her to do.
Jami has given us all this.
Is there anyone else you need to talk to?
We're going for a walk in the park.
I'm aware of that.
George came to talk to me yesterday afternoon.
Olivia did what I expected her to do.
How did you know where to find Joe?
The mountain is easy of access.
Can you watch her tonight?
I'd like to drink something hot.
I know that Alex could easily have done that.
Joe is probably going to go swimming this afternoon.
I've never done it this way before.
Muhammad can speak French pretty well.
I heard someone say Charlie was sick.
Lucy denied that she told Joe that.
He hasn't eaten for three days.
I didn't go by train.
We got married because we love each other.
Adam looks desperate.
Could you show James around?
Tommy said that he wasn't satisfied.
I don't care if my clothes get dirty.
I did not see her much after she started working two jobs.
I've never been robbed.
William doesn't think Mary will be lonely.
Adam liked the movie.
I wanted to give you a chance.
Give me your keys.
It was almost midnight when we got home.
Nobody knows who killed Harry.
He didn't waste much time, did he?
Do we really have to work next Monday?
I am convinced that something is happening between them.
He's been getting better lately.
It looks like Oscar was mistaken.
We support each other.
In 2013, Joe retired from baseball.
We have to slow down.
Both Jack and Margaret would like to do that.
Tommy drove Valentina to school.
Do what's right.
Jack and Anna say they have a lot of friends in Boston.
Jacob didn't seem interested in doing that.
What are you taking all those things home for?
I wonder whether there's really a market for something like this.
Jack denied he was the one who asked Monica to do that.
I share this room with my sister.
Harry and Olivia got engaged today.
I admit I did what I promised not to do.
I'm not sure I would recognize George.
Oscar and Alice realized they shouldn't do that.
Why did Jacob want you to come here?
That's it for now.
I'm used to swimming in the lake.
You should've started without me.
I didn't visit the museum.
I know that you're holding out on me.
Do you think William will be at home tomorrow evening?
I had to go to Boston by myself.
Oscar said that he isn't worried.
I know that Jami wanted us to do that for him.
Alex's in trouble again.
Harry has come all the way from Boston to be with us today.
Where did Adam find my wallet?
I didn't know that Jami was Lucy's boss.
We can't let Monica walk. Let's give her a ride.
Charlie is eating breakfast now, isn't he?
I kind of liked Joe.
She shared the apartment with her friends.
This is a question for Jack.
I'm probably not the only one who had to do that.
I keep a diary every day.
Charlie and Mary are better at French than they are at English.
I got dumped.
I needed them.
They said that they didn't study French.
I could have been a professional basketball player.
I'm very pleased.
I really needed it.
The Dark Knight is a good movie.
James didn't want Susie to contact the authorities.
George said that he's eating lunch now.
Please allow me to say a few words on this occasion.
I want to see that movie again.
Jack said that he didn't want to travel with Margaret.
I think Oscar knows who did that.
Oscar and I have both been to Australia.
Nothing would make me happier.
Charlie didn't seem to be as surprised as Lucy seemed to be.
He has a pain in his side.
Eva wasn't supposed to do that by herself.
Wake up to yourself and start acting your age.
I'm not going to ask William for anything.
I know that Joe is a cook.
You don't need us.
I'm dealing with that right now.
Nobody knows what really happened except for Joe.
I hope Eva didn't do what you asked her not to do.
They don't have enough money to buy everything they need.
Three workers died.
It's hopeless.
Adam has absolute trust in Lucy.
Who'll drive?
I don't know why you're involved in this.
You didn't tell me not to do that.
Love loves to love love.
Apply to the office for further details.
We've come a long way since then.
I know Oliver could do that for Emma if he wanted to.
Have you told James who your French teacher is?
George beat Anna up.
He could not control his anger.
She usually gets what she asks for.
Jacob assumed everybody knew where he'd gone.
I didn't think we should stay at that hotel.
The exam was too difficult for me.
I don't believe William is still alive.
Seems like I'm the third wheel here. I should go.
Please turn on the light.
She went to the hospital yesterday.
Alex said he thought Carmen was suspicious.
Do you like the white wine?
Jami hates Valentina's cooking.
I'll let you worry about that.
I've never heard such a story all my life.
Alex likes everyone here.
Jack said that Olivia thought she might be allowed to do that today.
I want to see you in my office.
I think Charlie is brave.
I don't think I have everything I need.
I've had enough excitement for a while.
It's rather cold.
Why do I feel like an idiot?
I don't plan to meet Oliver at the airport.
Everyone but Alex knew that he didn't have to go to Boston.
Things will get better.
Why didn't you say so earlier?
I'll hang onto it for now.
The show's Wednesday.
Was it you who told George he didn't have to do that?
Would you like to take in a movie?
Oscar looks like he's angry.
I know James knew I shouldn't do that by myself.
Do you want to study in Germany?
Oliver told me that he liked the movie.
Where did you kill them?
I didn't suspect a thing.
I completely forgot about the meeting.
You do it next time.
These aren't my ideas.
You must not read much.
How did you get involved?
It was 15 minutes too long.
Somebody attacked George.
A young woman came to visit me yesterday.
I work at this company.
You had better check them at the front desk.
William doesn't remember me.
Lucy has one kid.
You know what you should do, don't you?
Sometimes you have to choose between looking good and being comfortable.
Harry may have heard us.
Jacob plays the piano better than I do.
We haven't seen you for a long time.
Don't mention it.
I don't think that Jacob is sure.
George came in through the back door.
Tommy isn't going to buy anything.
That sounds good, right?
I moved to Boston on October 20th.
Boys will be boys, girls will be girls.
You know about them, don't you?
It really was a miracle.
He is poor as a church mouse.
Are there problems at home?
This movie's hard to watch nowadays.
Oscar and Emma told me that they'd do that.
I need to speak to you now.
Carmen isn't wearing her glasses.
It's a page short.
I don't think that I know anybody who speaks French.
Jacob said that he was very glad that he didn't do that.
Can you people hear me down there?
Tommy and Eva told me that they didn't teach French.
From a distance, they shot at each other.
Jack asked me who left early.
What time are they starting?
It's a necessary evil.
He said he's not planning on going.
William has a cold now.
He always goes home by himself.
She wants a purple coat.
We're getting smarter every day.
He said he's excited.
I wonder if Oscar is really able to understand French.
Your library is your paradise.
We have the best team ever.
I think Oscar hurt his leg.
I didn't realize that Oliver was having trouble breathing.
We were told that, due to the snow, we may go home.
Adam said Alice's dog bit his hand.
I hate that guy.
You guys are gonna love that.
Tell me what I can do to help.
It looks like there's no reception in this room.
This fact shows us that he is innocent.
Every month at our company, they run a community activity.
Do you see that person over there?
Why didn't James do that yesterday?
I felt betrayed.
She told everybody that she was safe.
I hope you like it.
Doesn't that sound like fun?
You put in too much sugar.
I was just looking around.
Charlie and Susie think they can probably win.
Oliver didn't seem sure of his answers.
I think she likes me.
Alex set fire to Eva's house.
An ambulance went to the scene of the accident.
Laur admitted that she didn't really know how to do that.
I know that Muhammad didn't know that he wasn't supposed to be doing that.
Muhammad didn't know that song.
Harry is a family man himself.
I suddenly had hope.
He has to change his plans.
Harry and Monica had a short conversation.
I think I may know where James is.
I didn't hit you.
We need to get her out of here.
I'm already sick.
I told Charlie to finish the report as quickly as he could.
I have a long list of things I need to do.
She can't do that by herself.
Margaret said that she was prepared.
I told Charlie that I didn't need to do anything.
Muhammad said that he was told to do that.
I tried to get Jacob to talk to Margaret.
What sort of person is Alex?
Oliver must've been home at that time.
Oscar said that Anna shouldn't tell John to do that.
It's pride that drives James.
I didn't think that Jacob would want to go drinking with us.
As far as I know, I'm in perfect health.
You should have seen him.
There's someone waiting for you in your office.
Do you think that you're better than me?
Jack seems to be sick.
Not only Bill but also Mac is crazy about computers.
Should we hire George?
I wonder what Oliver is doing.
I don't want to be any more burden to my parents.
I want to see if Oliver likes my new song.
I didn't know that James and Anna were still studying French.
I think Harry and Susie have started already.
Could you call Joe?
He robbed me of every penny I had.
Muhammad and Monica got back into their cars.
Joe seemed to be in a hurry to do that.
I share a bedroom with my sister.
Muhammad can dance better than Eva.
I want to have Jacob all to myself.
Jacob came to me for help.
When did you see him last?
What is the distance from the Earth to the moon?
You don't have to go easy on me.
She is a singer.
James and Laur are happy together.
You never told us why you left Australia.
There are many cute children in the world.
Should Scotland be an independent country?
Jacob was all wrong.
They have their own apartment.
Laur is wearing the blue cap you gave her.
Muhammad was never happy.
Jack got in his pick-up truck and drove off.
What kind of sports we play depends on the weather and the season.
I'm an FBI agent.
I love Valentina so much.
Health is a treasure, the value of which is known only to the sick.
I didn't do what I promised I'd do.
Margaret was able to do everything she needed to do.
Something has to change.
I'm not even going to try talk Jami into doing that.
You're cheating on me.
James has a salt lamp.
I think George will be doing that soon.
Joe has been a lot of help.
How did you know that I wasn't the one who did that?
Tommy did that really well.
Adam isn't the only one who knows what's going on.
I read through the novel.
What time is dinner?
I don't mind the attention.
We write our own songs.
I've got to get out of here.
Emma asked Adam where he lived, but he wouldn't tell her.
Let's give this another go.
Nature is like a book that wants to be read and properly understood.
Oliver always liked me.
Jacob learned French incredibly fast.
What's your grandmother's name?
Wait for me. I'll be back.
Adam and Valentina are related to each other.
If you don't do what the boss says, he'll fire you.
I can't get into this building.
I hope that I have said nothing to pain you?
She was supposed to attend the party with him.
I tried to put aside my anger and make peace.
Olivia said she thought she might not be required to do that anymore.
The next morning I found him traveling by train.
She opens the door.
Adam came to see me yesterday.
There could be a gas leak at our home.
Guys do stupid things sometimes.
When Muhammad got home, the children had already finished eating dinner.
There's a chance that it'll rain.
That's what the government wants.
I'm not quite ready yet.
We'll be late if we don't hurry.
Can't you guess what I'm doing?
I gave William my phone number.
Muhammad may be a few minutes late.
My dad bought me books.
I know William knows that Anna's not supposed to be doing that.
Tommy had better leave.
You have a horse.
I'm still going to talk to William.
It wasn't my decision to make.
The dog wants to sleep.
Jami, what are you doing here?
It seems that Jack has no idea where Olivia is.
George should have done things differently.
I don't think you understand what this means.
I hardly ever call.
What's the most interesting job you've ever had?
He left his dog at home.
Adam has lost 30 pounds.
I think Joe may win.
Harry is a chef.
Jami and Catherine don't know what they have to do.
The baby has pretty little fingers.
They're very strange.
I really should be in Boston now.
He changed my life.
Who did William do that for?
Jack has decided to return home to Australia.
Alex is being taken care of, isn't he?
They walked a great amount without drinking water.
I don't know, but I've got time before it.
Margaret can be helpful when she wants to.
I didn't try to resist.
I wonder whether Jacob really did that.
I thought that you said you'd do that on Monday.
Wolves usually don't attack people.
Jami used to tell Valentina stories about when he lived in Australia.
You knew I was planning on taking pictures, didn't you?
Don't listen to him!
A girl gave me an orange in exchange for a piece of cake.
She's changing her clothes.
Margaret says that she wants to do that.
They lived on their own for years.
I'm not going to fall off the ladder, am I?
I'm starting to have fun on my new job.
It's somebody else's turn.
This is harder than I expected.
You remind me of my daughter.
George and Margaret said they didn't want to do that by themselves.
James was very surprised.
Long live India!
Does Valentina look like she's happy?
Weeks turned into months.
I had to go to Australia by myself.
This is a one-way street.
I have to choose between the two.
Alice says she's never owned car.
Your cake is delicious.
William and Julia said they thought they'd be able to do that by themselves.
Charlie doesn't seem to be interested in making friends.
They should talk to their lawyer.
Do the doctors think Jacob will have to stay in the hospital for a long time?
Adam said that he knew that Alice might not have to do that on Monday.
James probably won't ever do that again.
Don't you take that tone of voice with me!
Charlie is way too young to do that.
Oliver, I want you to stop this.
Oscar asked me when I would be going to Australia.
Muhammad has been a great help to me.
Tell Harry that I don't need his help!
Jack didn't have much time for studying.
He always wanted to go to L.A.
Your assignment is to get into that building.
Oscar understood why Julia didn't want to go to Australia with him.
Have you ever figured out how to do that?
Oliver and Catherine won't be able to do that alone. You'll have to help them.
She said that she was very nervous.
I didn't give it to her.
They say they did that for the money.
Jami leaves his clothes all over the house.
They got their eyes tested.
James loves them.
I'm just here to show you something.
Neither Oliver nor Mary has decided what to do.
I don't have it in me to go into the city.
He hasn't come of age yet.
Anna says she's been to Boston before.
Jack is meeting with a client.
If I knew where Jami was, I'd tell you.
Charlie told everyone he didn't have to do that.
Tommy was clearly in trouble.
Jack told us it was an old ship.
I can't put up with him any longer.
What lovely flowers you brought.
Jack says this is the first time that he's tried doing that.
I don't think Jacob has done that as many times as Julia.
It's a quarter till two.
Catherine wished she could stay in Boston longer.
Children walk around from door to door on Halloween night.
James and Lucy have already eaten dinner.
I'm happy with the way I played.
Are you through with the newspaper?
I noticed Charlie was talking to Monica.
I had been studying English for two hours when he came in.
Money isn't the only thing that matters.
I'd like to go.
She switched a lamp off.
Parents are always worried about the future of their children.
Jacob won't be able do that without some help.
Harry is being watched.
Adam let Eva die in the fire.
You look like you're interested.
Tommy will be staying in Boston for a few days.
The teacher wants to do away with cheating on tests in school.
George said he thought Alice was probably having a good time in Australia.
This book is of great value to students of science.
We don't want this to happen again.
We got married very young.
You should have started by now.
Do you call that a kiss?
He has as many books as his father does.
Maybe the only ones here who can't swim are Joe and Lucy.
Oscar said that Margaret is looking forward to seeing you.
I just moved from Boston and I'm still sleeping on my uncle's couch.
Jacob said that he wasn't going to protect me.
You'd better wait until Muhammad and Lucy get here.
Jami said that Catherine needed to talk to the manager.
Pretend you don't see me.
Tell Harry that I love him.
Why didn't you make Charlie stop?
Each time I see this picture, I remember my father.
In many places it isn't legal to walk a dog on the beach.
George works full-time.
I hope to see you in October.
Oscar and Laur were my friends.
I think it will just get better.
I wonder whether or not Charlie wants to go to Australia with us.
Joe told me that he thought Margaret was ill.
I wouldn't have come here if James hadn't asked me to.
The weather is beautiful.
I just want to try it on.
Jacob told Valentina that she didn't have to do that.
Do you also know how to count in Italian?
Do you always do what Jacob asks you to do?
I don't know what this is called in French.
Let's talk about your childhood.
I'm getting more bored day by day.
I suspect that Alex won't believe anything you tell him.
I dream about her every night.
Anna says she doesn't think it would be a good idea to do that.
Do you think Jacob can do that without getting hurt?
Susie knows she'll never be able to play the French horn as well as Oscar does.
Why didn't you give Jami the money he asked for?
You don't feel.
Tommy had to stay in bed.
I'm pretty sure Jack doesn't drink beer.
You looked like you were interested.
I'm buying bread.
He'll be taking an exam next week.
I suspect Muhammad doesn't really enjoy doing that by himself.
She admitted she wasn't rich.
Susie didn't know what hit her.
I knew Muhammad was the one who was supposed to tell Anna she had to do that.
I've locked the front door.
Tommy doesn't like this design.
Relax. It's supposed to be fun.
It was impressive.
You never give up hope, do you?
"Were you born in Boston?" "No, I was born in Australia."
George said he'd also help me do that.
I did know I was supposed to do that.
Oscar never should've come to Australia.
I know that James isn't a nice guy.
We were worried that George and Lucy might not make friends in Boston, but they seem to be doing OK.
Would Joe care if we didn't do that?
I'll get there in an hour.
I can't tell you where Jacob lives.
I've never heard that sound before.
I want you to sit with me.
Laur would've kept her mouth shut.
If Alex and I don't hurry, we're going to be late again.
I think I heard Jack and Monica say that they'd do that.
Tommy is already here.
James was sitting next to me.
Dan found Linda crying in her room.
I think this is a waste of time.
I don't think William is divorced.
Why have I done it?
She looked like she was lost.
They know something we don't.
Oliver arrived in the office to find the police waiting for him.
Tommy and Margaret knew that they had to do something.
I wouldn't mind going to the cinema.
Joe is buying a computer.
I know that Oscar and Monica are here.
I think that you are right.
I thought Oliver and Alice were in prison.
What color is your hat?
Don't tell me they actually believe that nonsense.
The older we grow the less innocent we become.
You aren't the only one here from Boston, are you?
Let's give her a hand.
I felt ill. Why?
I know that Muhammad wouldn't mind doing that for Valentina.
This cheese is made from goat's milk.
They had weapons.
James didn't want Mary doing that by herself.
Alex wasn't listening.
Mary is sure she needs to do that again.
Jami and Laur killed themselves yesterday.
Why were Muhammad and Susie crying?
Charlie is too afraid to go out by himself.
James is currently based in Boston.
She didn't intend to argue with him.
I know that Oscar can't actually do that even though he says he can.
James is wearing a nice blue shirt.
I didn't want to push my luck.
I swim every day.
Check with him.
I know that George doesn't plan on doing that this week.
William is never going to permit Julia to do that again, is he?
We haven't really thought about it yet.
Oscar looks mad.
There is a possibility that I may go to the United States next year.
He is a lonely man with few friends.
Jacob reported Emma to the cops.
Jacob said that he thought I was the only one who knew how to do that.
It's definitely been pretty exciting.
I can't believe that Alex and Mary got married.
The test was real easy.
Charlie is going to ask you to help.
This is getting difficult.
Does she have a new computer?
Adam wanted to keep the party a surprise.
I'd do that for you if you want me to.
You wouldn't be in trouble if it weren't for me.
The branch is about to fall off.
The beautiful woman is kind.
Joe has been nothing but trouble.
I decided that I'd never try doing that again.
Eva came to Boston when she was a child.
Oscar has no idea where Catherine hid his keys.
Joe admitted he was very tired.
You have to tell Jack what's going on.
I knew that Jacob knew who was going to do that with Mary.
And those were her last words.
I thought that Jacob had gone to Australia.
She said that she was still afraid.
I'm with a client.
That's the friend to whom I gave the key.
Let me tell you a thing.
You are broke, man!
Monica said that she didn't mean to be rude.
You look like you're certain.
If Alice had been here, she'd have helped us.
If I had wanted your opinion, I would have asked for it.
You must make up your mind, and that at once.
Harry works at an Italian restaurant.
We lost our way, and what was worse, we were caught in a shower.
Don't get upset!
Jami must be mad.
You sound just like George.
Who told you you could swim here?
She explained that she couldn't attend the meeting.
I called my wife to let her know I'd be late.
You should tell Joe that he should do that as soon as possible.
We're not scaredy-cats.
China is a huge global player.
I don't know where James and Julia are planning on doing that.
Why would you have to do that?
I want my kids to be safe.
You will never be alone again.
Please don't call them again.
Muhammad couldn't answer Monica's questions.
William probably doesn't do that very often.
The cat is almost five meters away from the dog.
Please leave a message on my answering machine.
I never would have thought of that.
Laur came as soon as we called her.
We're going to go there the same way we always do.
We've had a lot of bad luck.
Jacob wanted to know where Emma had been.
There's something special about this place.
Oliver and Catherine got what they needed.
Jack and Susie didn't know they shouldn't be doing what they were doing.
I'd like you to do that for me tomorrow.
He appeared at last.
I knew that Oliver would tell you how to do that if you asked him to.
I love to play golf.
They did what they felt they had to do.
Did you respond talk back to your father?
Oliver has decided he's the one who should do that.
I know that Adam won't ask Lucy to do that for John.
He was away from home.
Where's your girlfriend?
This is an eye.
I don't know when James is planning to go to Australia.
Please forget I said anything.
She may realize later what I meant.
This is why I don't have any friends.
Harry would've gone to jail if he hadn't had such a good lawyer.
We can all do this.
Jami has given a lot of money to charity.
He comes here without fail on Sunday.
Doing that wouldn't be very much fun.
Do you really think Muhammad is younger than Emma?
I only want what's best for everyone.
It's going to be hot.
Jami said you should be careful.
Tommy hasn't asked even one question yet.
Oliver had dinner with his grandfather.
Harry said that you might be able to help.
I need Muhammad in my life.
I don't think Charlie knows everybody's name yet.
Oscar and Margaret are really smart, aren't they?
Jacob and I both feel the same way about that.
Jack went back home to put on some dry clothes.
There was an extra problem: the car wasn't his.
Are you still planning on buying a car?
He said that he was finished.
I wasn't the one who told Alex he shouldn't do that.
Your baby can walk.
Maybe you do, but I don't.
I'm a human.
It felt like I was dead.
I have eaten nothing for the past three days.
Harry is hung over.
I don't think that Jack will do that.
The day's still young.
I miss you all.
You are your own best friend.
I didn't want her to die.
I hardly ever watch TV anymore.
They're happy with their new jobs.
George and Olivia were hoping they could go to Boston with John next summer.
Catherine put her phone away.
I want to get better at chess.
Stop running!
I wasn't aware I shouldn't do that.
Adam said that he thought that he knew what Susie was planning on doing.
They all rose.
How does that help our city?
I still want to speak French.
George could easily have stopped doing that.
May I take the car for a test drive before I buy it?
Do you think it was Oscar who did that?
Let's start the week with a good swim!
I want that guitar.
You look like your brother.
I didn't think I was going to like you this much.
I wish I were as smart as you are.
The teacher made the students do a lot of homework.
No matter how fast you may walk, you can't catch up with him.
Why did you choose me?
We can't do that right now.
We have had enough.
How many planets are there?
I wonder whether or not Jack can understand French.
I remember how angry you made me.
The sun and the moon rise in the east and set in the west.
I told Jacob I made a mistake.
Do you know if he is available? I need to know in order to make an appointment with him.
Last week, William told me that he'd never been to Australia.
The tragic mistake affected many people.
I had a recent conversation with my neighbor.
Joe showed up late for practice.
What are you crying for?
That wasn't me.
Go pick her up.
May I use your telephone?
Oliver forgot to buy what Olivia asked him to buy.
I had no idea you were planning on going to Australia.
You're an artist.
I don't like wearing red.
You must respond at once to the letter.
John is not the type of man who'd betray you.
I know that Adam and Valentina are safe.
Alex can't let Eva do that again.
Should you do that?
My guess is that Alex will win.
He put his hand on his heart.
This rose is very beautiful.
Oscar said that he didn't remember exactly where Laur lived.
I thought he was done forever.
I'm sure Joe is guilty.
Oliver doesn't really expect to win, does he?
I wear a size 37.
They've told me that they can do that.
Tommy and Mary say that they were confused.
Are you sure about the cost of that car?
These friends are a bad influence on you.
That's more than I expected.
Oliver wasn't the one who got us into this mess.
Old and young, we are all on our last cruise.
Why were Adam and Emma at your house last night?
George doesn't live far from me, but I don't see him very often.
They told everybody they were prepared.
Take hold of the rope, and I'll pull you up.
People are singing and dancing in the street.
This was a tough decision.
I don't think Jack knows why Carmen is afraid of him.
James said that he'd come to see us this afternoon.
These cotton socks bear washing well.
Harry and Monica were the first ones here.
I wish I could play tennis as well as Adam.
I'd like to pay you back.
James has told me all about you.
I won't answer any more questions right now.
What color is your car?
I just sent the contract to James.
George has got nobody to look after him but me.
You should've had some pie.
George is too old to run for president.
He said he had nothing else to do.
The question is do you want it.
I guess I'm a little nervous.
You used to be so cool.
When was the last time you worked with Muhammad?
I think Oscar is still upset.
I saw a boy crossing the street.
I think Muhammad is just looking for a little attention.
I couldn't do that without you.
She told me she wasn't convinced.
Oscar is a baseball fan, isn't he?
William's desk is covered with stuff.
Olivia told me that she thought Oscar was thirsty.
He thought he was very lucky.
In this world you will have trouble.
George and Olivia don't want to do it.
I don't feel like doing anything, and I'm not getting up to turn on the fan.
Tommy said Mary ought to do that outside.
Harry is someone who likes a challenge.
Nobody ever calls me anymore.
That was years ago.
I'm sorry to say I can't help you.
You only have to work hard.
I share your thoughts.
Tommy has left the building.
I saw George drive up.
I'll be back as soon as I can.
We're probably right.
His voice reached our ears.
He helps out any way he can.
I didn't think that what William was wearing was appropriate for the occasion.
I have information for her.
I said I would do that!
Jacob doesn't have any idea what Emma's plans are.
I don't trust Jack.
James said that he doesn't think that Monica wants to do that alone.
I am beating my dog.
When Harry opened his locker, all of his books fell out.
I didn't realize how serious the situation was.
They made the same mistake again.
I have a Russian passport, but I'm French.
Jami is in the bathroom, I think.
Jacob is patient with me.
Jacob is the only one not laughing.
I was in time for the train.
You should read between the lines.
What Alex says is too deep for me.
We can't even be certain that it was Oscar's voice we heard.
Please keep my secret.
I thought Oliver would have forgotten me by now.
Remember to turn off the light before going to bed.
Who sends letters by mail? These days we have electronic mail.
The effects of the illness were not serious.
Aren't you going to eat that piece of pie?
Adam and Mary said that they didn't need our help.
I had a big fight with Jack.
You better give me some money.
I should tell Jami to be there tomorrow at 2:30.
I'll be there next Monday to help you.
Dreaming costs nothing.
Monica has just had her teeth cleaned.
I still wonder why George and Valentina haven't done that.
Were Harry and Carmen angry about that?
One point for James!
Charlie and Alice are going to take it slow.
Jami is preparing to go to college now.
Oh yes! I will certainly come with you!
It's very complicated.
Alex didn't want this to happen.
Jacob didn't like school until he entered junior high school.
Let the games begin.
I shouldn't have gone there by myself.
Alex went to the hospital because he was ill.
You two seem to hate each other.
I have to trust them.
Lucy didn't seem surprised when I told her about that.
Let's go to the party.
The situation is hopeless.
The man answers the description.
The noise stopped.
Does that really surprise you?
It's pretty dark.
Adam tried to get Valentina's phone number.
On hearing the whistle, they started at full speed.
Hold on a minute, Charlie. What is going on here?
Try kicking it.
I could hear Joe yelling.
I slept in the barn.
I always go to the beach.
I just sat there and didn't say anything.
Jami took care of Emma's cats while she was in Australia.
Jack said he hoped Eva would be able to help us.
Jack and Olivia said that they'll be leaving tomorrow.
Adam didn't tell the stranger his name.
He can understand everything you're saying.
Charlie will talk to Carmen about that when he gets here.
Jami and Carmen are taking pictures.
You have to call Laur and tell her.
What's the real reason Jack didn't have to do that?
George drew in a deep breath.
They drowned in the ocean.
What do you think about the book?
There are times when you have to choose between saving this character and that character.
I stayed at James's while I was in Australia.
It was the biggest mistake of my life.
They are so skinny.
Jack and Margaret wanted to watch the same movie.
She's never voted in her life.
Since it's important, I'll do it.
Harry has lots of furniture.
There was nothing Tommy could do about that.
Was Jesus black?
That's not a proper subject to bring up in conversation at the dinner table.
Harry described to the police officer how the accident had happened.
Jacob and Valentina said they thought John wouldn't want to do that.
What's the largest city in Germany?
What else do you want me to say?
I think you're drunk.
Don't you ever get tired of singing?
Did James and Alice know we wanted them to go with us?
Oscar said that he's not planning on staying very long.
James dumped Julia for another woman.
You have cleaned your shoes, haven't you?
Did Jami tell Carmen what she should do?
You always were good at your job.
I didn't know that this was the first time you kissed a girl.
I never called you a liar.
Does Oscar know that you're going to Boston?
Oliver doesn't usually drink coffee.
Why don't you give Charlie a call?
How about doing that together?
I'll call her tomorrow.
The picnic was put off on account of rain.
Jacob and Valentina wished that they had more friends.
My girlfriend is crying.
Do you remember the time we went to Paris?
I don't think that I've ever seen anyone do that before.
Tommy is willing to do that for free.
I feel depressed because there were a lot of things I had to do.
I know that Oliver hasn't gotten around to doing that yet.
Why did she come back?
Let's go to lunch.
Give us some privacy.
How did you know what George needed to do?
You should work hard so that you can pass any exam you take.
Tommy wasn't really surprised when he saw Susie and John walking together in the park.
I just knew I couldn't do that.
Muhammad said that he wasn't very surprised.
I know that Oliver won't forget to do that.
Modern man looks on money as a means to getting more money.
William and Olivia said that they weren't certain that John had to do that.
Jacob is just about as tall as Carmen.
Oliver asked Lucy not to wear her red dress to the opera.
My little son can drive a car.
You should be able to do that as well.
I know I should do that as soon as possible.
William said that he thought that Alice might not be allowed to do that.
In what year did the Berlin Wall fall?
I haven't done that since I was a kid.
He told me he was mistaken.
Oscar has been protecting Mary.
Please show me how to do it.
Oscar called Julia to tell her he thought she should go to Boston with John.
He's just a know-it-all.
William would've wanted to do that with you.
This is fantastic!
Olivia doesn't know that George doesn't like her.
They have all the money they need.
I could do that again eventually.
There's a rumor that Monica likes Tommy.
They said they've been busy all day.
Joe and Emma have nothing to do.
There's something there.
She may well be proud of her daughter.
He has all kinds of books.
Do you really think Joe will be gone by the time we get there?
They were afraid they might get fired.
Joe would have done that by himself if Alice hadn't helped him.
I'm only doing what needs to be done.
Be careful going down.
You seem to be working very hard these days.
I think you can do it.
Alex was involved in a bad accident.
Muhammad and Anna told me that they felt weak.
Alex didn't want to sit down.
Please tell Jami and Mary they don't need to wait.
What're the chances that I'll get injured?
Why should I help Charlie?
Sorry, we're closed.
George doesn't have anything to do with that.
Don't you want to know for sure?
Jami has asked Alice not to do anything.
Jami can't bear it.
He needed a new computer.
I don't know how to apologize in French.
The motorcycle which I borrowed from him broke down.
You look after the children, Jacob.
Is there something you're not telling us?
Oliver's car was rear-ended by a truck.
It's been a long time since I've gone swimming.
The house is now under construction.
May I see the menu, please?
When I arrived at the house I had already stolen the key.
I'll meet you at the station at 2:30.
I said I don't like it, and that's no.
Drink as much as you want.
I blew my breath against the mirror.
Thank you for coming today.
Why don't you tell me what happened last night?
Tonight I plan to go to a concert.
He couldn't see where he was going.
Charlie did stay with me.
It wasn't long before we became lovers.
They are making every effort for the promotion of world peace.
Many people are upset.
I wonder if Muhammad really knows what's going to happen.
I don't have to think about it.
I cannot help laughing at his odd manner.
I don't do much other than watch TV.
Jacob has never been late before.
I have a message for James.
Jami knew Susie was up to something.
Then the motor suddenly died.
I didn't know that you were still high school students.
We couldn't cross the river.
Charlie would never forgive me if I did that.
He's your wife's friend, isn't he?
I almost didn't have time to do that.
I thought you knew I was just kidding.
All you do is worry about silly, little things!
Alex told me that he'll join us later.
I'm going to name her Mary.
Good luck finding tickets.
Do you want me to read you a story?
I need to repair that.
Do you want to share an orange with me?
Are you enjoying the movie?
After breakfast, we went out for a walk.
Harry probably isn't in his office.
They said that they liked pizza.
I saw Oliver and Margaret while I was waiting for John.
She was heading to the airport.
Harry and Olivia said that they were really satisfied.
My boss told me that I needed to get better at speaking French.
I don't want to sit next to her.
When he touched her she opened her eyes.
She made a man of a boy.
I just got a letter from my girl.
Would you like to watch TV?
Can you put that into English?
Jami is determined and hard-working.
It was a pleasure for me to speak with you.
I told you it was ridiculous.
We accept credit cards.
Why doesn't Jack talk to me anymore?
I don't care why William did that. I'm just glad he did.
Joe owns some property in Australia.
I'd like your opinion on this.
Right now I'm not thirsty.
You people go ahead. We'll bring up the rear.
He did not believe the election was lost.
Stop talking to me about Charlie.
I recently started seeing a man.
You can blame it all on Oscar.
I have no idea what to say to Charlie.
I was about to leave when Julia appeared out of the blue.
They always drink their coffee strong.
We can do that ourselves.
He began to enjoy talking to them.
I didn't say William and Anna were involved.
I'm having trouble standing up.
I know that James comes on a little strong.
Jack will be right there.
I still haven't told Joe why I didn't have to do that.
I can't open this message. A virus, maybe?
You must teach me how to do that.
He couldn't hold his temper any longer.
She gave him a sweater on his birthday.
I think that William died.
Promise that you won't laugh.
See what I did!
Come and see me whenever you are free.
What sorts of weapons did they have?
I can't believe Harry and Emma are really that upset.
That's exactly what it's about.
All that work exhausted me.
There's not much food.
The dog marked its territory.
I know where to hide.
I will take your suitcase.
He is kind, and, what is still better, very honest.
It is in the way.
Oliver was never arrested.
Play!
George said he's glad he didn't do that.
James never talks about that.
George said he wanted to do that.
I don't know how Charlie stood it.
I've moved back to Boston.
Did Oscar and Susie say they'd be busy?
They are my sisters.
I'll be there this afternoon.
How did you do?
Julia doesn't need to come if she doesn't want to.
I'm feeling the breath of life.
Did you play tennis yesterday?
I know that's no good.
William has kept his promise.
I love that program.
I thought that you two didn't like each other.
Alex and Margaret made their position clear.
He can drive, can't he?
I didn't care how it got done as long as it got done.
Eva looks like she's lost weight.
You really put that much in the sandwich?
I'm very much aware of the danger.
Alex said that he couldn't do it.
It's a new take on an old game!
Jack said Eva could win.
I want to go back to my desk.
I thought that it was the least I could do.
He has quite a career ahead of him.
I know that Muhammad is a stubborn person.
Please don't get mad, sir! I'm a new worker!
George said he assumed Mary wouldn't do that.
I went to that party by myself.
Jacob knows a lot about cooking.
The weather today is great, but lately it's been raining all the time.
The children were walking along, singing a song.
We haven't come so as to be told off.
Are Jacob and Carmen out of their minds?
Since the bus was late, I took a taxi.
Jack is often wrong, isn't he?
What must be must be.
Tommy and Emma said that they were anxious to do that.
I'll be on time.
Oliver started the car and put it in reverse.
You can't do that to George.
They've returned from their trip.
Can you get us out of this?
Muhammad said he'll ask Laur if she wants to do that.
You'd have to be pretty stupid to do that.
Where did the time go?
I wouldn't want to be Adam's roommate.
Muhammad and Margaret seem to be in the middle of a discussion.
It's very likely that somebody will be waiting for us.
Alex and Carmen said they'd prefer not to do that today.
William didn't know that Olivia and I weren't supposed to do that by ourselves.
William had nothing to do with the scandal.
Mary said she didn't plan to be there.
What's your favorite kind of pizza?
Muhammad didn't want to get a tattoo on his chest.
I have an appointment with him for five-thirty.
How've ya' been lately?
George definitely has a lot of problems.
Keep quiet in bed for a while.
Joe was a good guy.
We've got a lot of things that need to be fixed.
I usually avoid this subject.
Jacob walked down the street.
I can't comment on that now.
She admitted she was lost.
William has started to study French.
Jack should have been interested in doing that.
I should have asked James why he did that.
It's extremely interesting.
I think you really mean it.
Are you guys free this afternoon?
Joe and Monica are in the car waiting for us.
I know James doesn't know that he doesn't need to do that.
Don't you want the truth?
Everyone wanted to be George's friend.
I hope that Joe doesn't need to do that.
You can have as much time as you need.
Well, I've been better.
You've probably heard of us.
When the bomb was dropped, I felt the house rock back and forth.
I don't want Jack to touch me.
Might I ask your address?
It looks like Oscar will be present at tomorrow's meeting.
Who packed your bag?
Nobody has a right to speak like that.
I can't agree with you more.
Oliver just got married.
I'm sorry that I didn't get a chance to talk with you yesterday.
It's high time you got going.
I can fly a helicopter.
Alex and Monica say they know John will do that.
Harry said that Susie was glad he did that.
You don't look anything like him.
What kind of games were popular when you were young?
Susie ruined her clothing.
Their screams filled the air.
I don't want to worry them.
I think that Charlie already knows why Mary wanted to do that.
Oscar is closing the store.
I had a nice time.
My men are prepared to die.
Don't ever wear that tie again.
I'm going to Australia to visit my family for Christmas.
William will leave for Australia next week.
Her mother is calling you.
I forgot to explain everything to Oscar.
Harry told me he'd try doing that again.
I wish it were fine today.
I told him about our school.
A business isn't a charity.
Do you really think Jacob is from Boston?
He's in hot water.
I didn't know how to express myself.
James isn't yet finished.
You didn't know who Jami was planning to stay with, did you?
James told Laur to come back later.
Are you related to them?
Do you know that man who is standing on the bridge?
What makes you think Jami can do this?
I thought Muhammad might be in Boston.
He wants that a lot.
This is a very difficult language.
I want to spend some time with my daughter.
You have to apologize at once when you have done wrong.
I'm not interested in politics.
I tried to do that as quietly as I could.
I've agreed to go to Boston with Charlie.
They want to kill themselves.
I think that George is great.
Everybody down!
What do you want us for?
The two boys never get along.
I wonder whether that was really the right thing to do.
Joe was special.
The library has a valuable bank of old documents.
Help! They're going to hit me!
We can't change what has happened.
Tommy stole money from me.
It's not good to sleep in the car.
He lives from hand to mouth.
That guy cannot handle his liquor.
Dan didn't even try to lose weight.
Some boats are on the lake.
I'm convinced he's not guilty.
Tommy isn't disturbing you, I hope.
There was nothing to eat.
Adam didn't buy what he said he'd buy.
Alex planned a surprise birthday party for his wife.
They are not as many as one might think.
They're trying to control you.
You're a false god.
George and I have been working together for three years.
I should've done that a long time ago.
Jami wants to know who did that.
Tommy only found out at age 40 that he was adopted.
I don't like sitting in traffic.
George once worked with me.
No way.
Your shoes are here. Where are mine?
Jami said that he's not sure whether Alice can swim.
I hear your voice.
He says we must live to eat.
Just take one swallow of this medicine.
God bless.
I want Italian dressing on my salad.
Alex called an ambulance immediately.
I knew they'd get me in the end.
Jack and Emma couldn't do what they wanted.
Tommy was dying to meet Emma.
The week is over.
Jack was a little angry.
I couldn't give a monkey's.
Joe and Carmen say they think that isn't going to happen.
Alex is the head of my department.
Can you get in?
I ought to give Harry a call.
I think Jacob is like that.
You're the one who suggested that we do that together, aren't you?
I didn't know how to proceed.
She let herself go.
That's the sad part.
It is too late for him.
I think Muhammad was the one who was supposed to tell Valentina what to do.
Harry told me he didn't know why Catherine didn't do what she should've done.
She said that's not what she did.
I really liked it.
Monica called to say she wasn't coming to work today.
Jack is a very lucky boy.
It's much safer here than where Oscar is.
I don't buy white bread anymore.
Adam said that he wouldn't be able to go with us.
I didn't stay in Australia very long.
Are you seriously thinking about changing your name to Oliver?
I'll be back in touch soon.
Tell me it's true.
George doesn't seem to be as creative as Anna seems to be.
I'll lend you the tools that you need to do that.
I lead a regular life.
William wasn't convinced that he could do that.
I didn't think William would be embarrassed by that.
Double up.
We knew you could do it.
Oscar paid for the tickets.
Lucy said she thinks Tommy can swim.
We spent hours on the phone every day.
What do Oliver and Julia eat when they're watching TV?
This product is a bargain.
I'm very good at swimming.
I knew Jack wouldn't ask Monica to do that.
Jami is still just a baby.
Did you know Joe was going to go to Boston tomorrow?
I told you not to sing.
I need to find a pay phone.
Let's go back to the hotel.
I'm the one who did it.
People used to think that was true.
I'm the one who's been teaching Oliver French.
I hope you don't do that.
Do you guys like white wine?
Snap out of it.
Pray.
I'm in a big hurry.
I feel like she is just using me.
I'm not the one who wanted to do that.
I wanted to discuss this with you yesterday, but you didn't seem to want to listen.
Laur could probably do that on her own.
There's nothing else for me here.
She said that she'll do that later.
Jami is usually the first to complain.
Which would Harry choose?
I know Alex didn't know that you didn't need to do that.
The prisoner was found guilty by the judge.
There's no stopping him.
I didn't think you'd talk to me.
Adam and the others are already eating.
She didn't write me back.
I don't think William looks like his brother.
Jack must be very lucky.
Harry finished drinking his beer and ordered another one.
Don't you try to blame this on Adam.
You must save him.
The police found some blood on the floor.
Jack doesn't know Emma wasn't the one who did that.
She is always cold-hearted.
She's my grandma.
It took months.
I'd like to report a crime.
He landed at the expected site.
We have more than enough time to spare.
Jacob told Laur that he wanted to go to Boston with her.
Tell Jack that I was just joking.
I followed him.
I'd rather that we get a divorce.
James doesn't seem to be as active as Emma seems to be.
He's a bit shy.
I had nowhere to hide.
I was present at the meeting.
Do you want to know what my name means?
I might work in Boston next year.
William called Alice from jail.
They kept their heads above water.
When did Oscar break out of prison?
Tommy should tell Lucy that he doesn't want her to do that.
I stole this from them.
They won't be coming tomorrow.
I invited all my friends.
Excuse me, but could you get me a glass of water?
Jami packed his bags and left.
It looks as if Tommy won't help us.
Her face went very pink.
What's Joe listening to?
They admitted they were impressed.
I tried really hard to convince George do to that.
Why is James wearing a black suit?
He lies!
This is the third time Jack has been late this week.
Our team returned home after a huge victory.
I don't have to go back to Australia.
I sort of liked that.
They're good friends of ours.
George asked Catherine to teach him how to do that.
He provided them with food.
Adam and Catherine showed me their schedule.
I think we could've done more.
He didn't have enough money to ride home on the train.
That doesn't sound like Harry.
Can you give me a little bit more?
There are turtles that are more than two centuries old.
Our town is facing a wave of student protest.
Jack and Lucy told me that they saw that movie.
This has turned out to be a great day.
I didn't know Muhammad would be back so soon.
We need to get Muhammad some help.
I'll page Adam.
I thought that it was a mistake to tell Joe the secret.
You must live your life the best you can.
Do you think Adam didn't hear me?
I think that George was surprised.
Adam said he believed Emma.
Tommy jumped out of the window.
Is it worth the risk?
I spent too much.
Please give me something to eat. I am so hungry.
Susie knows that she's in trouble.
He was foolish enough to believe her.
The police eventually arrested Joe.
Happiness cannot be bought.
I often do things my doctor tells me not to.
Alex already knows what Monica is planning to tell him.
Adam and Margaret say they've never seen anything like that.
I hope Harry feels the same way you do about this.
We want to help you.
I almost never call Adam.
Too many pages makes life hard for your visitors.
Do you think James is going to find anything?
She cries constantly.
George let us know that he didn't want to do that.
I can't believe you would allow this.
Anna fought back her tears.
Everyone likes this teacher.
He washed his car.
I didn't really see anything.
I know Harry knows that Carmen knows that she shouldn't be doing that anymore.
You're not the only one who knows how to do that, are you?
Emma invited me to go with her, but I said I didn't want to.
He dropped his coffee cup.
William and Margaret told me about their trip.
I plan on driving my sports car today.
Oscar was very successful.
You know you don't need to do that, don't you?
I just spoke with Jami.
Who do you think can help me do that?
She doesn't stop calling me and sending me messages.
He cried until he ran out of tears.
Alex won't likely tell Alice about the job he's been offered.
Tommy didn't have a fever.
This takes top priority.
What George wants to do isn't a good idea.
You don't know how bad I want to learn how to speak French.
I sent some money to Harry.
We won't be going to Australia anytime soon.
Adam couldn't hear it, but Susie could.
Animals are afraid of fire.
That's enough for today.
Alice isn't a high school student. She's a junior high school student.
People above 18 may drive.
James said he thought that Olivia wasn't interested in sports.
George is very tired now.
Don't talk about it anymore.
I'm sure Alex won't be suspended.
He died as he was returning to England.
My grandson cries very loud.
You don't really think that I'd do that, do you?
Life isn't meant to be easy.
You know I'm right.
Alex came just in the nick of time.
I felt their pain, and suffered with them.
I know that William doesn't want me to do that for him.
They have a clear choice.
We don't live in Scotland yet.
I used to work with them.
Does it make sense to fix this?
There's no reason that Tommy needs to know why I don't want to do that.
I don't see that really happening.
She has no one to talk to.
I should've been in Boston last Monday.
We really have to be on our way.
This is from her.
Here's some money. Go buy yourself a drink.
Joe parked his car over there.
It was here that Charlie died.
I think Tommy will do the same thing he did yesterday.
George doesn't want to have to do that again.
Jami lost both his parents in the accident.
Jami could have won if he'd wanted to.
I still don't remember calling you.
I know of a place that you like.
Today is full moon.
Laur decided to go to Boston by herself.
Who cares if Harry does do that?
The police developed a new lead.
The last show goes on at eleven.
It's important that you tell the truth.
Why is George living in Boston?
Oh, now I understand.
Is this OK with you?
You are to blame for the accident.
Don't leave the room with the window open.
They'll likely change their minds.
My father caught me by the arm.
Is Adam asking too much of us?
Some men are very talented.
The telephone was invented by Bell.
I didn't tell Alex I wanted to quit my job.
It wasn't my idea to hire you.
Alex and Valentina said that they knew how to win.
I'm very organized.
I know Tommy wouldn't be stupid enough to do that.
Poor as a church mouse.
They are all college students.
Jack will say no.
Which one do you like most?
George is aware of the risks.
I hope that that's the truth.
They said they wanted new cars.
I have no intention whatever of disturbing you.
Muhammad hasn't yet had a chance to do that.
I want to work with Charlie.
Muhammad was wearing a suit.
I was afraid that I might hurt his feelings.
We're all in agreement.
I wonder what happened here last night.
He told me he was going home.
I think all of us need to do that.
I think we should take a look.
We worry about your future.
I will never eat much when I am about to sleep.
We are worried about where he is now.
Adam's helicopter crashed on the edge of the town.
Valentina thought she'd forgotten to tell Tommy what to do.
I'm probably the only person who can do that.
A crowd gathered around.
We'll never forget you.
I'll have to let you know.
Does Joe know you can't do that today?
Oscar said that I looked awful.
Tell him that I'm sorry.
Anna isn't sure she ought to do that.
Nobody left me instructions.
William's house has a nice garden.
Who's humming?
Carmen doesn't know who she should ask.
Harry wanted me to find out where you've been.
You work for me.
George came over and had dinner with us.
Boy that was close.
Muhammad said that he wished he'd eaten more for breakfast.
Alex kept good notes.
I know that Joe is about the same height as me.
She's finally herself again.
They can't do anything else.
Where did he see you?
James told Mary not to do that.
I think that Alex is divorced.
I've been here a lot longer than Oliver.
Alex is good at this sort of thing.
Adam didn't worry about it.
I'm sorry to put you through that.
Oscar bought this camera for a reasonable price.
You should read as many books as you can.
Tell him to come home.
Alex said that's no longer true.
We cannot do those things.
This is a small village.
William said he thought that Laur wasn't going to be doing that.
I tried, but I failed.
I know I can't do that as well as you.
Don't come near me.
To make a cake, you need egg, butter and sugar.
We will visit my grandfather this week.
Adam thought that it looked cool.
Is this really our best plan?
Jami knows how to do that better than most people do.
For whom have you brought the bone?
I'm glad I didn't lie to George about where I'd been.
I know that you're a friend of James's.
Julia told me to meet her at her apartment.
Is there anything else I should know about Harry?
We can't keep them in the dark forever.
To was probably tired when he got home.
Harry said he's glad that Carmen has gotten out of the hospital.
They hope they'll be able to win.
I'm doing great.
I need to speak to you about something.
She had on an apricot-colored dress.
If only it were that easy.
I know James is a pretty good cook.
She knows how to handle herself.
How can I take care of everybody?
How often do you drink?
It's only a game.
Harry told me that he might agree to do that.
I knew you'd laugh.
I didn't really like my job. That's why I quit.
Why is that dog following us?
This is little different from what I want.
I managed to get permission from my parents for my wedding.
Do you think I'm sexy?
I've done everything that I've been asked to do.
I'm so proud of her.
George is a lot like us.
Come on, hurry up! It's urgent.
It is sad to stay at home.
That isn't exactly the way I wanted to do that.
She can't do without milk.
You need not answer the letter.
Alex tried to stop the bleeding.
I love life because what more is there.
I don't want you to say anything.
My brother is evil.
I wonder if Oscar and Emma are awake.
If she'd known the results, she'd have been shocked.
Oliver is trying hard to finish doing that by the end of the day.
Harry and Carmen say they're sorry they didn't call.
George has something important to say.
Her letter saved me the trouble of visiting her house.
Monica was glad she didn't have to live in Boston for more than a year.
Your sister's sleeping.
You made Harry cry.
In a sense what he says is true.
I think that Jami is annoying.
I should've left you a note.
I want these.
I know Tommy knows I don't need to do that.
There are many big cities in this country.
She has left me.
I felt dumb.
I try to keep a low profile.
Return immediately.
Is your homework finished?
I think Carmen could do better if she tried harder.
Are they armed?
Do you know where the closest bathroom is?
I know Jack is a very bad driver.
It took me a long time to convince Jacob to do that.
Charlie invited Catherine to a party.
His wife doesn't even know why he died.
I wonder whether or not I should do that, too.
The man you see over there is a famous writer.
There's an apple tree in the garden.
Joe was supposed to receive some money.
Jami worked all day.
His aunt's apple pie was delicious, so he had a second helping.
Joe will probably be interested in seeing your pictures.
He wanted to do his job properly.
They were after you.
I washed the sheets.
You should let it go.
I don't know how much money we're going to need.
Jami and Margaret would tell me if there were a problem, wouldn't they?
I hope I'll be like Alex when I grow up.
He who looks from outside through an open window doesn't see anywhere as much as he who looks through a closed window.
Let me check. How many tickets do you want?
You guys can do that if you try.
We could ask him not to go.
I knew that Oliver knew why Susie kept doing that.
I'll wash my car today.
Catherine likes both Oscar and John.
Did you know George wanted to do that?
We have a lot of food.
I knew Jacob might want to do that.
What's this got to do with you?
I want to watch either a comedy or an action movie.
You can't pick who you fall for.
Jami said that Susie told him that she was ready to do that.
I can't hear you clearly.
I hope they're not talking about me.
Is it possible to buy something to eat on the train?
What do you say we grab some lunch?
Alex is still at large.
Charlie has Russian friends.
Lucy said she wished Joe wouldn't do that anymore.
George probably doesn't know he's going to be fired.
I told you the result as soon as it was made public.
Oliver has a healthy life style.
What does all of this mean?
Are George and Olivia still at school?
Oscar seemed angry.
Your performance wasn't bad.
Who are the responsible people?
There are a lot of places to visit in Boston.
You look a lot better today.
What do you think you need?
Is Oliver afraid yet?
I know it's a risky business.
I lied when I said I didn't want to do that.
I know that they've got big problems.
Drink coffee.
How dare you talk to my son like that!
My brother has no money.
Tommy never used to sing.
Who did you go to Australia with?
About how many days will you be in Boston?
It smells like something is burning in the kitchen.
I knew Charlie was very busy.
James stood up and walked to the bar.
What have you done to Alex?
Even a child can do that.
A bad thing never dies.
Was the money I gave you enough?
I wonder whether Jack knew Valentina wanted to do that by herself.
Hasn't anyone done that yet?
I knew that you wouldn't have to stay in Boston for as long as you thought you'd have to stay.
He was in time for the last bus.
We can't leave Jami here. He won't survive on his own.
I thought that Jacob would be happy about that.
William is just a friend of ours.
Judy isn't a good singer, is she?
We thought you were coming with us.
Tommy and Emma said they'd likely win.
I want her fired.
You know how important you are to me.
What're you up to?
Let's not get that carried away.
Call him tonight.
Why didn't you come back home?
The children were playing in the sunshine.
I did all I could to help Jack.
I couldn't get the box open.
George will be in the hospital for at least three weeks.
Jami doesn't have enough money to pay his rent.
It's an idea whose time has come.
Eva didn't know whether she had to do that or not.
Jacob knows that we can't do that.
Jami doesn't know how to put on his own pants.
Jack said that Valentina really liked John.
I don't think that Muhammad knows why Mary isn't here.
The half of the Moon facing the Sun is always lit, but the lit side does not always face the Earth.
Let's forget about what just happened.
How can we stop this kind of thing from happening again?
You'll be able to see the difference very easily.
I don't think I'm the only one who's worried about that.
It is not till we lose our health that we realize its true value.
I'd like to visit Boston again.
Harry said that he didn't have time to do that.
The white horse is yours.
She told me she's fine.
I don't want her to be angry.
His sister looks young.
I don't know what you want to hear.
You'll understand it right away.
Lucy didn't mean to do that, did she?
I need a week.
Oscar won't let you do that again.
There's a possibility we'll do that.
Do you really think James is pleased?
Jack was alone last night at the bar.
I'm busy, so I can't help.
Tommy is the head chef at a restaurant in Boston.
There's no way you can do that.
OK, let's get this over with.
I have lots of questions I want to ask Oliver.
The minister of defense was executed by anti-aircraft machine gun fire for falling asleep during a military parade.
"What do you want?" asked the Indian chief. "We want all the land from the North Pole to the South Pole," said the English general.
In my language, the musical notes are c, d, e, f, g, a, and b.
I am the master of my fate; I am the captain of my soul.
Hi, my dear, my darling, my honey, my destiny. How was your day?
Scientists believe that about 13.7 billion years ago, a powerful explosion called the Big Bang happened. This powerful explosion set the universe into motion and this motion continues today.
He created them male and female; and blessed them: and called their name Adam, in the day when they were created.
The same force spread over a smaller area will produce more pressure.
I trust what Matthew, Mark, Luke and John said, and if I were ever the victim in a car accident I'd be very happy if they were my witnesses.
Instead of putting the car into gear, she put it into reverse, causing a great deal of damage to the store-front.
The power plant supplies the remote district with electricity.
This sea lion can balance a ball on its nose.
Given a high level of bond issues, the cost to service them will increase.
The quick brown fox did not jump over the lazy dog.
The council has committed millions of dollars to the scientific research.
A play with many scene changes may be a trial for the crew or a trial for the audience.
British officers received their orders in April, 1775.
Earth is the only inner planet in our solar system that has liquid water on its surface.
Glory be to the Father and to the Son and to the Holy Spirit. As it was in the beginning, is now and ever shall be, world without end. Amen.
The coffee has got to be as hot as a girl's kiss on the first date, as sweet as those nights in her arms, and as dark as the curse of her mother when she finds out.
Across Europe, forest fires have already caused major damage.
Rape and sexual assault are crimes of violence.
Lord Jesus Christ in heaven, please protect me.
Dennis laughs at Wilson's round face.
Truly, no one is wise without knowing darkness.
Israel has the right to "defend" itself including by killing children in their homes with chemical weapons.
"Aw man... I know how much it sucks to have your parents get divorced..." "Are you saying that your parents are also divorced?" "Yep. Last I checked, my mom was somewhere in Europe."
Don't worry, sweetheart, you'll see Mommy and Daddy again.
He then bound his son, and took up his sword, in order to sacrifice him in the ancient manner.
Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, thank you for your time.
The central intelligence agency managed to plant a secret agent inside the deadly terrorist organization.
There was a version of the King James Bible for the original Game Boy.
Zero, ten, one hundred, one thousand, one million, one billion.
Before she retired, she worked as a secretary to a director of a research school at a university.
The state faces a financial crisis.
After the meeting was over, everyone said goodbye and returned to the mystery of their private lives.
Nail polish is useless: no one looks at nails anyway.
I gotta beep out what I really wanna shout.
Wow, this brings back memories. This is a picture of when I was five years old.
Dark energy is an invisible force that is pushing our universe apart.
The Prime Minister is feeling the heat over his statement.
Roger Miller was born on January 2, 1936 in the western city of Fort Worth, Texas.
In detail, I'm considering the meaning of the command "exist somewhat".
Dan stood trial for the first degree murder of Linda Smith.
How did the Soviet Union manage to create a nuclear bomb?
Collect precious moments, no material things!
The wicked witch cast a spell on the man and turned him into a bug.
There is no regular boat service to the island.
The security guard told James that he couldn't take pictures in this area.
The serial killer has bought six thousand bullets for his weapons through the Web.
A sick soul that holds on tight to anger and hate will never heal until it lets go of those demons.
The girls are wild about the film star.
Go easy on Bob. You know, he's been going though a rough period recently.
It is easier for heaven and earth to disappear than for the least stroke of a pen to drop out of the Law.
"Stop begging for a cookie, Tim," his mum said, "Remember, 'Children who ask get skipped.'"
Recently, my hair has been damaged, and the split ends are terrible.
There's no evidence to suggest that Jami was the killer.
In the U.S., it is common for people to write a check instead of paying cash.
The relationship between the mind and the heart is much like the relationship between a castle's library and its master.
Muhammad wore a silver chain around his neck.
And now her two sisters found her to be that beautiful lady they had seen at the ball. They threw themselves at her feet to beg pardon for all their ill treatment of her.
That's like putting a golden nose ring in a pig's nose.
I think that whoever created the Universe, a hole in the sky above him, also had no idea what is the "Universe".
All had gone well up to now; but one evening this wicked Queen said to her chief cook:— "I will eat the Queen with the same sauce I had with her children."
They chose Peter as captain.
"Hello, is this Mrs. Brown?" "Yes, this is Mrs. Brown."
My fellow Americans, it has been the honor of my life to serve you.
Lower air pressure makes it more difficult for humans to breathe and get enough oxygen.
Would you give me the honor of letting me carry you in my arms?
"George, I have to tell you something. I love someone. His name starts with T and ends with M." "Er, who would that be? Is it someone I know?"
I'm very good at keeping secrets. My sister told me she's keeping a diary, and I haven't told anybody! Um... Oops.
Lieutenant Dan Anderson sent the sample to the FBI lab for testing.
A shooting star! Quick, Alex, make a wish!
"My dog doesn't have a nose." "How does he smell?" "Terrible."
The first victim was one of my best friends and his loss caused me a great deal of grief; the second victim was merely a German.
Kevin has bought a diamond ring and is going to pop the question to Kim tonight.
Wendy, I want to introduce you to my brother Sam.
There are plenty more fish in the sea besides him.
He armed himself with a gun and went to face the enemy camp.
Jackie Chan is a star of Hong Kong cinema.
If the universe is full of stars, why doesn't the light from all of them add up to make the whole sky bright all the time?
The prosecutor agreed not to press charges in exchange for a hundred hours of community service.
Dr Adam Jackson discovered that the drug could cause liver damage.
I have no good way to tell you this, but a terrible tragedy, which will affect the entire course of our future lives, occurred about half an hour ago on the southern part of Route 4.
She is a British citizen but her native land is France.
Oscar's company is under investigation by the Federal Trade Commission.
Could I borrow your cell? Mine ran out of energy.
The only thing on the table that I normally wouldn't eat is that stuff on the yellow plate.
So the Father is God, the Son is God, and the Holy Ghost is God. And yet they are not Three Gods, but One God.
If I could visit any North American city, it'd be San Francisco, California.
Max explained to Julie why he could not go to her farewell party.
Although they were brothers, they were not on speaking terms.
And he said: Lord, if I have found favour in thy sight, pass not away from thy servant.
I bet that I can jump higher than you.
To be frank, I think this 'conspiracy theory' is nonsense.
I gotta force him awake to use his real power.
As soon as my son returns my trailer, I'm taking a load of rubbish to the tip.
He is not the rough motorcycle gang member he was before.
The ship lay on the bottom of the sea for more than three hundred years.
Why are you making such a big deal out of it, huh? Just suck it up already!
Japan is an island country surrounded by the sea on all sides.
He's a member of the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds.
"He is an advanced jerk," said Alice, throwing her phone into her purse.
They captured more than three hundred British trade ships.
Among the many questions scientists are trying to answer are whether Mars has liquid water and how the solar system was formed.
This movie is a tour de force.
"Ah, that's true," Susan puts in, "I just wanted to call to ..."
Commit to memory the one key idea you want the audience to take away from each slide.
The center of a target is called a "bull's eye."
Whoa, Kelly!
The problem with this movie is that the violent scenes and the funny scenes are mixed together.
Mark had never acted on the stage and he was ill at ease.
A growing child who doesn't seem to have much energy perhaps needs medical attention.
"God created man in his image." -- "Have you ever thought about what that means?" Tommy asked,"Yeah." answered Maria,"If god had a camera, we wouldn't exist."
The defendant was about to stand trial when he grabbed the deputy's gun and shot the judge.
Today's investigation technology could get information out of a tiny hair.
A bird was flying in the sky.
This sword is the only weapon in the world that can harm a dragon.
His official title is Director-General of the Environment Agency.
Mama, Jami won't gimme back my toy!
Life begins where your comfort zone ends.
Not knowing that Nancy had left him, I put my foot in my mouth when I asked Paul how she was.
Sally told me that she will break off her relationship with Gary
The dog lay panting after his long chase.
The section chief accepted the proposal.
The Prime Minister could not continue after a vote of no confidence.
Seems like every problem we manage to solve requires a greater genius to correct the damage the solution had caused.
You are waiting in vain if you think that one fine day you will wake up and your soul mate will appear in front of your eyes.
And Joseph was governor in the land of Egypt, and corn was sold by his direction to the people.
Make sure the snake is completely dead, or he will surely take his revenge.
He called on state troops to end the strike.
He went through several rooms full of gentlemen and ladies, some standing and others sitting, but all were asleep.
Michael is a male name and Michelle is a female name.
I think that creating a work of this kind in this particular way will cause more harm than benefit!
The conference called for the major powers to cut their armed forces by a third.
The camp was under the command of Lieutenant Jackson.
That young actor is a James Dean.
“Really, sir, this is a very extraordinary question.” “I am sorry, madam, but I must repeat it.” “Then I answer—certainly not.”
They both wanted to go and fight the dragon, but at last the twins agreed that George go and Albert stop at home and look after their father and mother, who had now grown old.
The map's legend shows what each symbol stands for.
William was accused of falling asleep on guard duty.
The reaction the band members receive on the road from mostly female fans has been compared to “Beatlemania” in the early 1960s.
At the door, she found a coach made of pure gold, with the coat-of-arms of the prince and princess shining upon it like a star.
In the beginning, the technology required people to sit completely still for at least one minute for the process to capture a photograph.
Even his own shadow was enough to scare Peter.
Show me the location of your camp on this map.
I bet only a trace of the world's human population are people with good hearts.
The black angel spread those jet-black wings wide and flew up into the sky.
Hmm, I think something happened. Wait a second, I will try to figure it out.
Fire all guns when the enemy comes into range.
Alex is for the most part just an ordinary bird.
Tommy pulled his gun out of his belt.
Our security cameras are fake.
And Jacob being in love with her, said: I will serve thee seven years for Rachel, thy younger daughter.
Pardon me, can you add another wine bottle please?
Fill her up with regular. I am paying cash.
Don't waste your youth, otherwise you'll regret it later.
David has never had a steady job, but he's always managed to make ends meet.
The peaceful transfer of authority is rare in history, yet common in our country.
There were two cases of murder per month.
Every planet, except for Earth, was named for an ancient Roman god or goddess.
Is this the latest model cash register?
Chris saw his favorite girl, Kate, having a private conversation with Beth.
Americans are all heading north to the land of opportunity.
Recently T Mall has had a sales promotion on cell phones.
When Alex wanted beef for dinner Joan liked pork, and if Joan wanted to have chicken Alex would like to have duck. And so it went on all the time.
But then, l spent several nights.
Hello. Is it possible to speak with Mrs Johnson please?
And God created man to his own image: to the image of God he created him: male and female he created them.
The guests were waited on by a highly trained team of young staff.
Peter is a merry fellow.
A slightly lower interest rate could save thousands of dollars over the life of a home loan.
We see with our eyes, we hear with our ears, we touch with our skin, we smell with our nose, and we taste with our tongue.
He listened to the news on the radio as he fed his dog.
Although I had twice taken a pair of pills, my headache did not go away.
Rise for the entrance of the Grand Council!
No problem. If X happens, we have Y as a backup.
Simon and Peter's brother Andrew was one of the two who heard what John had said.
Ten thousand plus five thousand and five cents make fifteen thousand and five cents.
In times of war, the law falls silent.
Many parents are worried their children are not being given a basic understanding of numbers.
A female friend of mine loves to go to gay bars with me.
Instead of digging a pit for your enemy, you should build your friend a house.
Sergeant Jim Smith was given a green light to carry on his torture.
Tommy is a county sheriff.
The British commander was forced to surrender.
Two of the private health insurance companies are arguing about terms and conditions.
Jami was wounded by a bullet in the neck.
"It's an atmosphere like a ghost might appear" "Hey, don't say such stupid things!" "Wait, Alex, are you afraid of ghosts?"
Stretch your arms straight.
Congratulations, buddy.
A dragon is a creature of fancy.
The bowl was perfectly round.
Mars is covered by a dirt which has a lot of iron. The iron makes the planet look red.
Scientists have learned that, throughout Earth's history, temperature and CO2 levels in the air are closely tied.
Dan told Detective Linda Smith about the murder.
Gotta go now, bye!
Mark's car is called "Thunder Giant".
The letters q, w and x exist in English.
I'd suggest you order beef instead of chicken.
Add water and mix to a firm dough.
Energy will go wherever we direct it.
We chose Henry captain of our team.
The circus sea lion did a trick.
A bull is male and a cow is female.
He laid claim to the land.
The priest called the drunk "slave of sin".
Goodness knows why he's been picked for the national squad - he's been terrible all season!
The governor decided to provide assistance for the victims.
If the ball hits the head pin too head on you'll end up with a split.
"Your dog died." "Ha, yeah, very funny."
Among the guests invited to the party were two foreign ladies.
The quick brown fox didn't jump over the lazy dog.
The nurse checked James's blood pressure.
Although it is not a bad thing in itself, in a lot of cases, many people are watching too much television.
There are thousands of millions of stars in the universe.
The story was so funny that I split my sides.
Hitler caused the deaths of more than fifty million people.
Ask the policeman where St. James Square is.
Alan kills women with his hands.
What drugs are used to lower blood pressure?
These are the steps that lead straight to failure.
"Let's play Hop Skip And Jump like me," said the little white rabbit.
A galaxy is a huge collection of gas, dust, and of stars and their solar systems.
On Saturday I went to the zoo, and a monkey, who wouldn't stop screeching, pulled my hair.
The mountain rescue service is always on alert.
Dan agreed to talk to Detective Matt Brown at the station.
Hardly had he woke up when he remembered the embarrassing incident of the previous night.
The boat was called "The Silver Star."
The tiger caught the guy's neck and killed him by pulling it.
As soap is to the body, so laughter is to the soul.
I noticed your Model 123 in the January 1997 issue of Techno-World Magazine.
The temperature's fallen below zero.
The pig grunts.
Oliver found out that his new girlfriend is an illegal alien.
I beg your pardon, but would you repeat what you said?
The Society for Protection of Nature was established by nature lovers, to protect the beauty that surrounded them.
In my work, I sometimes simply determine an area with a tape measure.
The new tax system comes into effect next year.
Among the guests were the mayor and his wife.
Every beloved object is the center point of a paradise.
Gotta catch 'em all!
Setting a wolf to guard the sheep.
Charlie puts honey in his tea instead of sugar.
The data suggest otherwise.
The sacred ceremony was held in the magnificent temple.
I ran to her and threw my arms round her, but at that moment her knees seemed to give way and she fell to the ground.
Whoever committed this crime was surely out of his mind.
That party was off the hook, dude!
Most of the snow shown in films is fake.
Jack put a half-eaten candy bar in his underwear and then ran out of the cabin, screaming for the camp counselor.
When the Lord puts us in certain circumstances He doesn't mean for us to imagine them away.
Land has hill, woods, fields, animals and men.
Language death is loss of precious scientific data.
A human being is a part of the whole, called by us "Universe," a part limited in time and space.
Hello. Are you Jackie Scott?
If you want to truly understand the language and culture of a country, you should go to study and live in that country for a period of time.
Maria thought that the fridge looked quite plain. So she stuck a few little hearts to it.
Uh.....yes, I think so.
At present it is out of my power to reward you for your services.
The Roman Empire survived for a thousand years.
Yesterday is already history, and tomorrow, a mystery. However, today is a present of fate, and presents are supposed to bring joy.
I bet there are some major legal issues with all of this.
After the conversation ends, he says a friendly goodbye and wishes me a pleasant evening.
"What an angel you are!" cried the young Duke, and he put his arm round her neck, and kissed her.
We can travel through time. And we do it with an incredible rate of one second per second.
If you live to seek revenge, best dig a grave for two.
In truth, the very simple reason why this incident did not appear in the newspapers is that, outside of a single witness, no one knew about it.
We celebrate the Star Festival in July.
Whatever the motive of these extraordinary crimes, robbery is certainly not one of them.
All of a sudden, the enemy bombs came down on us like rain.
What's goin on, bro?
Harry finds it easier to have no chocolate, than to try to limit himself to a couple of pieces.
Jeff wore the tie that Kim had given him for a birthday present.
This is not the first time I had a mental block doing a job interview.
Buy land. They ain't making any more of the stuff.
There is no honor in taking an enemy with poison.
Why don't you mind your own business? What do you gain by sticking your nose into other people's affairs?
And when they had eaten, they said to him: Where is Sara thy wife? He answered: Lo she is in the tent.
This law will rob us of our basic rights.
Have a proper funeral for the body so that the soul can reach to heaven.
Batman and Robin are friends.
And you ain’t seen nothin’ yet.
The article will be sent cash on delivery.
It's a terrible shame that fools are so self-confident and the wise are full of doubt.
Ah, screw it.
Hello, ma'am.
I got along with the lieutenant colonel.
Services of better quality are in demand.
I gotta figure out what I'm doing wrong.
The most important thing in a relationship lies in how good your partner is to you, and not in how good they are themselves.
The boat was approaching the English Channel.
He finds strength in his religion.
That dude was a jerk.
The world is a sacred vessel that cannot be acted on. Whoever acts on it will ruin it; whoever holds on to it will lose it.
Laur sighs.
When a person is praying one day, and then he sins six days, the Great Spirit is angry, and the Evil Spirit laughs.
It's popular among senior citizens.
And the Lord came down to see the city and the tower which the children of Adam were building.
By and by, the bitter north wind will begin to blow.
It is Eve that sets Adam on.
The operation begins at dawn.
Ooh! It took a weight off my shoulders.
Mark threw the ball higher than he wanted.
Let's rent a row boat and row out to the island.
You can be charged with criminal assault without actually touching the victim.
Brain cells are particularly sensitive to a loss of oxygen.
Hunter was obviously under the influence of some powerful drug.
All creatures drink joy at the breast of nature; all good, all evil follow her trail of roses.
The Golden Gate Bridge is in San Francisco.
Jean has fallen out with Paul over the education of their children.
Those twin brothers have similar faces.
On the American flag, there's a star for every state.
Joe is a serial killer who has murdered several persons.
All the wealth in the world is useless when death comes knocking on your door.
Only in the second round the Communist Party told to the working class: "Do not vote the right wing".
The streets are empty because a storm is approaching the neighborhood.
I had expected stronger resistance from the enemy but if anything there are less of them as we advance to the centre... Don't you think that's strange?
But Noah found grace before the Lord.
Max explained to Julia why he could not come to his farewell party.
"I don't understand Christmas," said Charlie Brown.
Our neighborhood has become ground zero in a gang war.
When I was a kid, mum used to darn our socks when they got holes in them. Nowadays, most people just throw them away and buy a new pair.
Scientists from around the world took to the streets to march for science.
The American Civil War is the central theme of the book.
Jesus Christ, that's some next-level nightmare fuel right there.
I'm going to a training camp tomorrow. However it's not the physical side that I'll be training, but the mental.
This free flow of information eventually led to a free press in many parts of the world. But because information is so powerful, many world leaders have tried to stop it.
Prince William is second in line to the English throne.
How are you keeping off this intense heat?
Due to this a lot of time was lost, it's possible that if it wasn't for this accident the final stage of the race would have been better.
The radio was missing from the boat.
My mum bought two bottles of apple juice.
"Is it fine to change the channel?" "Mm, yeah."
Tommy was the star witness in Emma's trial.
Even though they look like twins, Carlos and Juan are only brothers.
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday and holiday are the days of the week.
Harry is British citizen.
Rome is one of the most ancient cities in Europe.
You cannot at all imagine how much suffer you caused her.
Oliver didn't belong here anyway.
Buildings cannot deny the law of gravity.
Money is useless on a desert island.
When the Father asked the bride to repeat the oath, she stayed silent.
Congratulations! You just won a million dollars!
As I looked upon the little gate in the mighty wall, I felt that beyond it lay a dream-country from which, once it was entered, there would be no return.
Today I hooked my trailer up to my car, filled it with rubbish and took a very full load to the local rubbish dump.
Courage is a love affair with the unknown.
Although the web looks soft and delicate, it is strong.
Nobody walks in LA.
The murderer left his fingerprints on the murder weapon.
I bought a new ball point pen with an electronic watch especially for this test.
We'll also have to create a separate smoking section, won't we?
I was pulled over by a motorcycle cop.
The gods of a falling religion become the demons of a rising one.
Around honey, there is no lack of flies.
The enemy destroyed many of our ships.
When you have no children, you're jealous of those who have them and when you have them, they drive you crazy! The Blessed Virgin had only one child, and look at the troubles he caused her.
Jack suffered memory loss and could not remember anything about his identity.
I want to take advantage of the opportunity to speak to the governor.
In one year there are more than thirty-one million seconds.
They told me that the cemetery is in terrible condition.
Total cash cow.
The research cast new light on the issue.
Three cheers for my Queen!
Mmm, hot chocolate!
"Can you smell something burning?" "Oh, I went and burnt the toast."
It was Angela who put William on to Steven.
Stick out your tongue and say "aah."
There was no clue as to the identity of the murderer.
To some degree I am also afraid of people. They have the power to destroy you.
Whom do yo suggest I should ask?
A journey of a thousand miles starts with a single step.
"Ah, a raw egg for me!" "Is one enough?" "Yep, if I need more I'll top it up."
Ow, ow! I bit my tongue!
The shooting victim is alive, but just barely.
I just had a flash of genius! We need to round up a crew!
Barry hits the bottle every now and then.
Danny has no sense of beauty.
Billy is good at sport.
The university that we attend usually begins its classes on the first of April.
Shh! Don't make a sound. We are playing hide-and-seek now. If you want to talk, go find somewhere else to hide.
The new tunnel will link Great Britain and France.
His impressive body of work made him a leader in scientific research.
Look and see how much the cash register rings up.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome aboard.
Matt Brown is Rita Lewis's husband.
Whenever I'm sad, I stop being sad and start being awesome instead.
My cell is ringing.
They're a bunch of gun nuts.
Grant failed at almost everything he tried--until he was given command of the Union Army.
Mick named the baby Richard.
Amanda and Jason have dark hair.
In the sky, a ray of light appeared.
I imagine that Joe will eventually learn to deal with the way people treat him.
Everyone gasps.
He came here with his victim in a four-wheeled cab, which was drawn by a horse with three old shoes and one new one on his off fore-leg.
We are flying to Los Angeles tomorrow.
From that time Sarah hated me with her whole heart and soul.
The Spirit gives life; the flesh counts for nothing. The words I have spoken to you are spirit and they are life.
The governor led the rescue operation.
"Jami, pick up all your dirty clothes. This is the narrator," said Mary. "Is there a narrator in here somewhere?" said Jami, looking around.
Alex Jackson didn't attend Senator John Smith's funeral.
Do you have a nail file I could borrow?
The family is the most basic unit of society.
Only five instead of ten units were delivered.
"His Majesty... I must go and see what happened! ...Your Majesty, what has happened?" "Link kissed me!" "Of course he kissed you, you're his hero!"
Tommy is a nice man.
Despite his weak faith, the priest blessed him.
Bob's really chip off the old block.
I’m doing over our house from top to bottom, putting personality into it.
Oliver was just a little fellow when his folks moved here.
We are here in the name of Jesus Christ and King Charles.
Shane is a model for Joey.
Paint the trees against the background of the blue sky.
Stop saying bullshit!
Rise and shine, Johnny.
You should be frank, and they will treat you as a friend.
Pac-Man, when a certain condition is reached, can counter attack and eat the monsters chasing him.
Peter and Carol were at odds with each other over where to spend their vacation.
One of the security guards is checking the rooms now.
Lee knew they would attack with full force the next day.
Hit up on the D-pad, and the background music will change as the background itself becomes the Demon King's castle....
Jami put a gun to Mary's head and pulled the trigger.
Mark is her brother, not her cousin.
If you don't behave, Santa won't come.
"Oscar, I have to tell you something. I love someone. His name starts with TO and ends with M." "Er, who would that be? Is it someone I know?"
It was yesterday that Jake broke this window.
Most people base their political positions on feelings rather than evidence.
Everybody groans.
Hail all faithful souls, whose bodies here and everywhere do rest in the dust.
"Hey, pal, are you thinking what I think you think I'm thinking, or are you thinking what you thought I've been thinking?" "Wait, who are you anyway?"
Hurry up, Martin. We're already late!
Inspector Dan Anderson had two crimes to solve.
Give yourselves a round of applause.
Hmm, and I thought I was being kind by letting you live.
If you don't stop shouting, I'll call security.
The little bird couldn't defend itself against the eagle.
There are no hidden service charges.
Adam grabbed Alice's arm and pulled her towards the door.
Hey! What's up Doc?
Maria says she wants to become a model, but she knows very little about fashion.
My name is Robert, but you can call me Bob.
The prince and princess made their way through the cheering crowd.
This is like bringing water to the sea.
Papa, I'm not joking! I'm pregnant.
Since this is your neck of the woods, maybe you can tell us where to find a good pizza joint.
In the end the two families accepted their fate.
What's the matter, sweetie?
Alex was attacked by a pack of wild dogs.
Even if you're married to a monster, murder is not the way to go.
I'll bet it hurts.
Grandpa and Grandma are now in heaven.
Goodbye, Anna!
You don't even screw me the way I need to be screwed.
Can you imagine dating Catherine, for example?
I can imagine how the stars feel on tour.
You wanna help me lift this up?
The rocket blew up a few seconds after launch.
Bobby must go to bed by 7:30.
Mark hits on everything that moves.
The coast guard called in a rescue helicopter.
They claim they acted in self defense.
Wow, Daniel has put on a lot of weight since the last time I saw him.
I cannot release that information. It is private.
I think he gets a passing mark as Foreign Minister.
Those 4 degrees meant that 30 percent of the land area of the world was covered in ice.
Amy walks to the station every morning.
Oscar won the Tour de France.
I had a grand opening for the hospital last month.
In the darkness, we could just barely make out two figures.
Land ho!
The murder remains a mystery.
The stars were brilliant in the clear night sky.
Whoo! Today's practice is tough - much harder than usual.
Hey mister, you forgot your coat!
All you have to do is take advantage of this rare opportunity.
My name begins with the letter N.
Sue checked in at the Royal Hotel.
They also teach that, for great sins, they cannot receive forgiveness unless they confess to their leader.
Hello, I'm Ryan.
The teenage fans were beside themselves with excitement when the rock star stepped off the plane.
William felt like a million bucks.
The Prime Minister admitted that the government's new social security policy probably wouldn't pass the pub test.
We've got a bunch of useless junk we should get rid of.
Does goodness charm more than beauty?
Ah! That clears up everything.
The weather was terrible when we arrived in France, but after two days it changed completely and we had a wonderful holiday.
This boy has a level of intelligence higher than the average.
Aye, what a pity! I thought it would clear up finally.
Eric played a sweet tune on the piano.
Jami warned Julia that his mother was a gossip who would repeat anything told to her in confidence.
Russia lost 20 million people during World War II.
Santa lives at the North Pole.
My grandpa is out of step with the younger generation.
It is our duty to obey the law.
John is brave in appearance, but is in reality a coward.
Comfort is your biggest trap and coming out of comfort zone your biggest challenge.
Ugh, my internet hates me.
George wished he had had the courage to jump into the river and save the baby that had fallen in.
Is this song in A minor or in C major?
When you hear two rings on the phone, that will be the signal that I'm leaving.
The star is so bright that it can be seen with the naked eye.
He had an interview with the Prime Minister.
Al is married to Betty's only daughter.
This law is insane.
3 days to tire of beauty, 3 days to be used to a beast.
But back to the point; I now understand the word "material". I suggest using "vehicle door".
Oscar served in the U.S. Coast Guard.
The Secretary–General may bring to the attention of the Security Council any matter which appears to threaten international peace and security.
Nothing was then heard but a confused sound of voices saying:— "Ha! how beautiful she is! Ha! how beautiful she is!"
Hi babe, where have you been?
For Pete's sake turn that music down!
That dude is rolling in dough.
That's kinda scary to think about.
The problems that exist in the world today cannot be solved by the level of thinking that created them.
George's best friend is a mouse named Jerry.
The torture had dramatic consequences on his personality.
Let's just say when that massive fire log hit my foot I know there was damage.
DNA is a complex chemical that makes up a gene.
They were established to celebrate a certain event or to tell an age-old legend.
Barry Taylor's name has been put forward for the post of chairman.
He is prime minister in name, but not in reality.
Day by day and month by month, Internet technology is growing. Actually, make that second by second and minute by minute.
Andy is master of French and German.
How's it goin' there, chief?
Stay nice and quiet, okay, 'cos I'll be back real soon.
I'm outta here.
She more particularly followed the young prince with her eyes, and when the ship went down she saw him sink in the deep sea.
"Alex, it's said you've lost your hearing aid." "Nope! I don't like Mexican food."
I bet Dave paid a pretty penny for his new car.
Humans are basically all the same.
The DA wants me to testify against Jami.
The members of the jury listened carefully to the attorney.
Nah, why bother fixing it.
Larry's house is the big white one on the corner.
The Dead Sea lies below sea level.
Hello, Lisa!
She went for a deep tissue massage because her back was hurting.
Two men have been arrested in connection with Jami's murder.
He sent me his congratulations by wire.
I side with the DNA evidence.
Arthur didn't stop talking to Jennifer.
The scene was a tiny mountain village in a remote section of West Virginia.
Daniel Day-Lewis is a multiple Academy-Award winner.
Jason has brown eyes.
Anyway, if it just stops raining, then we might be able to go out.
Oh my gosh, this is embarrassing.
Bob was beside himself with joy.
The right channel on my tape deck went out.
Ahh, silly me, I've messed up again.
He stole petty cash from the office in the shoe store.
Oscar had plenty of opportunity to plant the bomb.
Dan was two thousand miles away when the murder was committed.
The tight band around one of her arms made her feel uncomfortable.
Are you sending me one of your photos in private?
As soon as the play was over, the Director went to the kitchen, where a fine big lamb was slowly turning on the spit. More wood was needed to finish cooking it.
Lewis and Clark kept very careful records.
Although there was no wind blowing, the door opened of itself.
Let's have a seat over there, Annie.
A major had to take command of the division.
Fred had his little brother paint the fence.
There is a lack of long-term vision for Europe.
My robot won't stop beeping.
The nurse checked Oliver's pulse.
Humanity will eventually destroy itself.
The young girl wanted to be a star of the silver screen.
Hello? Hi! How are you?
Far be it from me to suggest you haven't checked your source.
Because she has a good figure, whatever she wears suits her.
Tommy has turned off the master switch.
We will deliver up to the airport of the island.
The island was therefore a sure haven for all criminals who had run from the law.
To paint a bird, start by painting a cage with an open door.
These are the generations of the heaven and the earth, when they were created, in the day that the Lord God made the heaven and the Earth.
Is this a Jewish or a Catholic Bible?
The witch cast a spell on the naughty boy.
Emily wants to work in a major company.
A bird was flying high up in the sky.
To he who is sick, honey has a bitter taste.
What's that disgusting smell?
The killer's identity is still unknown.
Charlie is picking his nose.
James is a Leo.
Wanna bet?
He got a master's degree in law.
Laura is very particular about her clothes.
There were gun shots.
I can't imagine what creatures living on another planet are like.
His mental level is higher than the average boy's.
He planned to seek a master's degree in international relations.
Football is a simple game. 22 men chase a ball for 90 minutes, and at the end the Germans always win.
Do me the honour of keeping quiet.
Carl cannot have been a model student.
This song was written by Phil last year.
A blow with a word strikes deeper than a blow with a sword.
A growing child who is not full of beans probably needs medical attention.
Save me, Lord, from my friends, I will deal with my enemies myself!
The universe is about 13.75 thousand million years old.
"Mum, may I borrow your nail polish?" "Yes, you can borrow it."
The three gunshot victims are in critical condition.
Women in their hearts think that men are intended to earn money so that they may spend it, if possible during their husband's lifetime, but at any rate after his death.
His firm was on the rocks in a brief space of time.
There is no such thing as a great talent without great will power.
Jenny has a gun.
The mass of a body is a measure of its energy content.
This is a threat to the rule of law in our country.
The homes of hundreds of families were burned.
Which university do you think Ted will go to?
Whatever is begun in anger ends in shame.
The rescue worker went into the disaster zone with a helicopter to save people.
News of her death caused great concern throughout the country.
Revenge is a dish which is best served cold.
Rick was over the moon about passing the exam.
Adam was groaning in pain.
He has a new colleague. Her name is Claire.
James lives in a tiny studio.
Ha - this work finished! Let's go to next stage!
Fear of falling caused him to freeze.
There are no signs of trauma on Alex's corpse.
What a basket by Michael Jordan!
There, just connect your computer to the power strip.
Washington was a good leader of America.
Heh heh, not enough.
To defend their land has now become a sin?
This program was recorded on tape before a live audience.
That way you keep thinking about me but are unable to admit to your feelings, that hot and cold feel is a real boom among young men!
Did you pack a first aid kit?
Blessed is the influence of one true, loving human soul on another.
Sleep tight, Sean.
The team spirit was unbelievable, we were all in this together.
Muhammad had to mind his P's and Q's when he met Alice's parents for the first time.
All theory, my friend, is grey, but green is life's glad golden tree.
The Emperor shall be the symbol of the State.
The Indian girl in the film isn't a professional actress.
God never closes a door without opening another.
Bob will play the leading role for the first time in the next school festival.
Humans are a highly social species.
We flew from New York to St. Louis by way of Chicago.
Chuck me the ball.
The monster literally had eyes in the back of its head. It was really creepy!
Sam went directly to bed.
By the way, have you seen anything of Carter lately?
I was curious to see evidence of this.
If you tell a lie, Lord Emma will rip out your tongue.
Operating a dance club after midnight is illegal according to Japanese law.
I must warn you to be careful anyway.
On the table were a bottle of champagne and two glasses.
“Why do you look so pale, Lucy?” said her father, turning suddenly round and breaking silence.
How can we protect ourselves against the stress and pressure of daily life?
Josh asked me out, but I told him where to go.
It brings a tear to my eye.
John sang "Imagine" on the stage.
In space, no one can hear you scream.
The public only knows what they've been told by the state media.
That crisis threatened to split the nation in two.
l am counting on you to help me with the arrangements for the party. Please do not let me down!
The gross amount of the loss was larger than 100 million yen.
Hm! You're right!
Paying attention in class may lead to high marks.
Mr Joe Jones has agreed to serve as the project leader for this new work item.
Anxious for a quick decision, the chairman called for a vote.
The Battle of North Africa was over.
Why did George blow his brains out?
Nancy was surprised that Bob won the first prize in the contest.
I want to cut down on the time it takes to process files.
Is it true? Paul kissed Lily on the lips?
I like R & B.
There are no three things in the world: a cover for the sea, a ladder into the sky, a cure for love.
The production has visual appeal for the audience.
No, Charlie is in Spain. Daniel and his mother are in England.
Just because a word exists doesn't mean you have to use it, especially if it's not something you'd normally say.
Yes, my name is Karen Smith.
I'm sorry but Paul called in sick and I'm going to need you to work his shift.
I started chuckling.
Jamie dropped his mobile, but a girl found it.
If we let those bastards get dug in now, we'll have to level the building.
You have your head in the sand instead of paying attention to the people who matter.
"Excuse me," said he, turning to Colonel Ross, who had looked at him in some surprise. "I was day-dreaming."
The experiment confirmed his theory.
I cannot continue my class with you chattering to one another.
While Jami was looking through the window, a shooting star fell from the sky.
The firm has built up a wide reputation for fair dealing.
Before David arrived, Samantha started to lay the table.
This surveillance camera is our silent witness.
We mustn't let such a golden opportunity slip.
He's a drag queen.
I can't give you the exact numbers.
Please develop and print this film.
Fill her up with regular. I'll be paying in cash.
I'll talk it over with Marty and see what he thinks.
The reporter filed his story just before the paper went to press.
He is not such a nasty fellow as you think.
The murder suspect's version of events did not ring true to investigating officers.
I'd make a terrible spy.
The police spent hours searching Jacob's place, but they couldn't find the murder weapon.
Two major issues had to be settled.
This kind of snow isn't that unusual in this area.
I refuse to be called anything besides "Your Highness".
Bravo, Oliver!
Trapped in the van, Emma tried to force open a window.
Mum! Don't compare me with Sam!
I didn't expect to be chosen captain.
Check the pressure of the tires.
It can't happen without you, without a new spirit of service, a new spirit of sacrifice.
Choose a current affairs issue.
Gotta catch 'em all.
Detective Dan Anderson returned to Linda's house armed with a search warrant.
The series of crimes were thought to have been committed by the same man.
I'm going straight to Mexico.
Wow, you catch on quick.
I mixed milk and chocolate powder together and then added water.
Helen, this is my cousin.
These boots have seen plenty of service.
Hello, gorgeous.
The traitor poisoned the master.
We speak that we do know, and testify that we have seen; and ye receive not our witness.
Do you want to figure out your purpose in life? Live your passion!
Tommy walks 10,000 steps per day.
The crowd cheers for both teams.
I just got a beautiful bunch of flowers from one of my clients.
Then the doll's eyes began to shine like two stars and it came to life.
We use this device to measure blood pressure.
The police connected William to the murder through a diary he left in his hotel room.
The campaign ends on Monday.
Is there Maggie's bag in the kitchen?
Jami is a very experienced announcer.
She bought a dozen chocolate chip cookies for her son.
Our solar system is 26,000 light-years from the center of the Galaxy.
Joe checked his gun to make sure it was loaded.
Mummy is buying me a toy.
There is only one square on the board where I can land safely on my next turn.
The army is in the north to protect the border.
It'll cure itself naturally.
Maria realised that her joke had caused Alex stress.
Gordon is interested in the Japanese way of life.
What caused the power failure?
Alex committed a series of murders.
Can a lifetime of pee fill up a swimming pool?
Charlie lives in the Bay area.
Pack it in, pack it out. Leave no trash behind.
I realise that you are the second authority in Europe.
Uh, will you excuse me?
In the past it was perfectly normal to get the back of a teacher's hand or fist as punishment.
It is terrible that we have to struggle with our own government in order to save the environment.
He uses honey instead of sugar.
Jacob found a gun in the toilet tank.
When Marie was sitting on the shore, reading the news and eating ice cream, she felt like she was in heaven.
This just made me laugh, especially towards the end!
From the second letter of Saint Paul.
I can't imagine many people wanting to read this book more than once.
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
"One way or round trip?" "Um... let me think. Round trip."
I like that chick.
We have to figure out when the best time to buy that stock is.
The five human senses are sight, hearing, smell, taste and touch.
The human body has a mysterious power to keep itself healthy and sound.
Like All Ball, this one doesn't have a tail.
This robot does whatever I say. That's a big help when I'm too tired to do anything. Not too likely, huh?
The bridge was destroyed by a giant robot.
Special forces training is already a torture.
Michael Jackson and Prince changed the history of pop music.
Hi fellas!
Do you write that with a "J"?
Gee, unbelievable!
Susie asked to me to be her maid of honor.
Your task will be to train the employees on the new computer system.
Having done my homework, I had a chat with Mum.
I was in a state of panic.
China's power is growing at an incredibly fast rate.
You'd better put your cigarette out before Terry sees it.
I'm fed up with her chatter.
Jack asked for a private audience with the Pope.
In your arms my soul finds peace.
I would never use a previously used tissue again.
Suddenly she felt tiny, worthless and miserable.
Sorry, dude, but you don't stand a chance. She's way out of your league.
Ah, I forgot my mobile phone.
I'll guarantee that you'll enjoy this film.
I have a kitty called Nina.
The only reason for the existence of a novel is that it does attempt to represent life.
Tommy raped the woman before shooting her in the head and leaving her body in the woods.
Adam found a gun near the garbage can.
How often we take for granted our gift of life. We destroy ourselves to impress others who wouldn't notice us anyway.
It would be true, if zero or more characters at the beginning of the string would match this regular expression.
I saw the film in San Francisco last year.
Daddy, you smell like you've been drinking.
Oscar's brothers are still in custody.
The common state of this matter is solid.
Instead of cutting down on cigarettes, why don't you just give them up?
All the boys were whistling and cheering.
You can watch movies with English subtitles using this link.
I'll be damned, if by the end of the movie the chef doesn't turn out to be the killer.
I wanted to wrap my arms around his neck.
The captain ordered his men to gather at once.
Leaving your suspicious actions I've seen a mystery - are you trying to rob me of my sleep?
I woke up gasping for air.
If one in one hundred rounds does not hit the target, it's not first-class shooting.
When I was little, I wanted to have a pet brown bear to scare my neighbors.
I didn't watch Star Wars episode 1.
If a link in a chain breaks, it's no longer a chain.
Smaller classes mean a higher standard of education, and that's what we want for our kids.
I don't wanna be pathetic, I wanna be cool!!
On entering the bedroom, she started sobbing.
Did you bury something on that island?
She is a Hollywood star.
Do you want to swing from that tree branch?
The sun is the king of the sky, the moon is the queen of the stars.
My cellphone beeps if the battery is running low.
Pardon me, ma'am. - Yes?
The end, so long good bye!
We collect plastic bottles.
Blake loved to walk in the country round London.
The man wore a mask of a tiger.
"You shouldn't get married." "It's too late. We got married in Vegas last week."
These are the documents in the extraordinary case of the Gloria Scott.
This seal can balance a ball on its nose.
Molly has a big clock.
We chose Henry to be the captain of our team.
Whoa, wait a second there.
These flowers have a unique smell.
Muhammad hit the ball so hard he split the bat.
If he could visit any North American city, it'd be San Francisco, California.
I'm going to go and see a film. Wanna come?
Soldiers go on patrol in a military vehicle.
Plans for a new trade zone are still on the drawing board.
I am sure that Greg is going to follow in his father's footsteps.
Blue Sky Sport is closed every Thursday.
The nurse tied a rubber tube around my arm before he drew blood.
It is a system of direct exchange of goods.
The TV host said production would put in contact with me to deliver the award.
Cheer up John. There are more fish in the sea.
Do you hear the snow against the window-panes, Kitty? How nice and soft it sounds!
You're my sand. I'm your wave. The sweat is our sea.
The crown prince is the one who is to succeed to the throne.
Drop in, fella.
David has so many friends that he can't even recall all their names.
The earth came into existence about five thousand million years ago.
The American ships were stopped and searched in British waters.
Jami was shot by a firing squad.
"That ain't my style," said Casey.
Betty is a serial killer.
Instead of whispering it quietly, why don't you say it to my face!
George's name was called over the PA system.
They were so terrified that they hid behind one another, and said: "Good-morning, granny; our step-mother has sent us to wait upon you, and serve you."
Mrs. Bruce was the first female pilot to fly between England and Japan.
The wolf ate Little Red Riding Hood. The hunter shot the wolf.
The actress on the stage was heavily made up.
Hello, darling!
Marie accepted the gifts.
Living life in the fast lane is like burning the candle at both ends.
Ooh, you don't know?
I have never heard Roy sing a song in public.
There's no evidence to suggest that Jacob and Monica were the thieves.
Would you excuse me for a sec?
Sam couldn't figure out how to use the machine.
Clark Kent is Superman.
This is designed especially for young people.
William spotted a pattern in the data.
It wasn't I, commissioner!
"Um, what day was it today again?" "August 5th."
The present prime minister was not present at the ceremony.
The witch laid a curse on the unfortunate little girl.
If Jo doesn't want to tell you, I will not tell you either.
Stars shine above in the sky.
They’ve been watching that film for ages.
He was my comrade in arms.
People know that there were young men of noble rank amongst them.
He has completed his military service.
If you insist on staying in your comfort zone, you won't go very far.
It was a fake diamond necklace.
We regret to inform you that your paper has not been accepted.
Bush is the leader of the forces of good.
The captain was so angry he refused to give the crew shore leave.
Can't you separate fantasy and reality from each other?
We imagine the impression others have of us.
I know that William is a buddy of yours.
I doubt the police are going to bust Harry.
That all happened in the space of three seconds.
He refused our offer to arrange a press conference.
The commander gave orders that his men fire at once.
Is Mr Parker in today?
The whole experiment was recorded on film.
Carol studies very hard. So does Henry.
The two brothers were partners.
Each passing car threw up a cloud of dust.
Treat Mario well, if not, your mother is going to punish you.
Art exists so reality doesn't destroy us.
News of the recent blast is all over the radio.
Record the serial number in the space provided below.
The ticket for your return journey has been arranged for.
Does Sarah know about Jenny?
Edward White II became the first American to walk in space.
If most X are Y, it does not follow that most Y are X.
"I can't believe that they sleep together!" "Why not? It's perfectly normal to take a teddy bear to bed with you."
Thus knowing that "to give is to receive" is the most precious thing in government.
Erm, may I stay here?
President Wilson accepted Germany's apology.
An offering of flowers had been placed at the grave.
Whoever gets home first starts cooking the supper.
Margaret has a talent for music.
Money is a terrible master but an excellent servant.
I beg your pardon, could you repeat what you've just said?
"But the master told you to." "I know, but I have something to read first; and besides, there is nothing that I wish to write just now."
The first term starts in April.
The noon siren is blowing.
Wear your learning like your watch, in a private pocket; and do not pull it out and strike it, merely to show that you have one.
The island lies a mile off the coast.
Hopefully, the island is beautiful.
My mommy and daddy won't forget me.
"Everyone makes mistakes." "Especially idiots!"
George owns a shell company in the British Virgin Islands.
You practically threw yourself into his arms.
Kim is dressed in a very attractive manner.
Wipe your nose.
Cameras don't tend to capture reality.
Mama! That lady and man are holding hands, they're great friends aren't they!
He messed up the stage that he had set up so carefully.
History, Stephen said, is a nightmare from which I am trying to awake.
The agent may be caught. In that case money is found for his bail or his defence. But the central power which uses the agent is never caught—never so much as suspected.
The boat was tied to the shore by a cable.
I was busted to a sergeant.
And after many days, his mistress cast her eyes on Joseph, and said: Lie with me.
My stomach is growling.
The trees have begun to bud.
This therapy is very complex.
I'd like to have smaller bills mixed in.
If Grace had not studied so hard, she would surely have failed the test.
Don't be selfish; there's plenty for everyone.
Praise be to Allah, Lord of the Worlds.
France is the world champion.
Dan found a human skull a few yards from the road.
Lady Catherine, I have nothing further to say.
The fuel level is below empty.
Adam spent 3 years in jail for drug possession.
Marcus was neither heard to confess nor able to deny.
Ali broke his fast with dates and water.
Ah, that reminds me of the old days!
There is no honor among thieves.
To create one's world in any of the arts takes courage.
Detective Dan Anderson was assigned to join U.S. Marshal Brown's team.
The monk is praying.
He removed himself from that murder case.
Their kiss had been discovered by Charlotte.
What is at issue in this debate is the survival of our planet.
He is a lucky lad.
We'll serve fried chicken.
It is not easy to commit dates to memory.
You must be Miss Kenny.
James's prints were on the gun.
Wrap the dough in clear film and chill for 15 to 30 minutes.
I'm afraid if Jeremy gets out of line just one more time, they will make him leave school.
Golden guns don't protect you from bullets.
They dug down up to twelve meters under sea level.
His cooking is of the classic French style that he studied in France.
Jami believes in the ancient Greek gods.
The law does not accept confession under torture.
This computer network is, as it were, the nervous system of the company.
Humans are too violent for world peace to ever become a reality.
Jesse gets along with everybody.
Chris defeated the vampire knight!
What a darling outfit!
When Di Ma tried for the 966th time, he had already begun to lose hope.
This is the law of the jungle.
I can neither confirm nor deny the rumors.
Do you see anything in your crystal ball?
He is working as a security guard at a warehouse.
Do you see the status bar at the bottom of the document window?
God created man in his own image, God is a warrior.
The sun is the eternal source of light, heat, and life.
"Hello," said Muhammad, smiling.
They hoped to make a quick buck.
That's a terrible brand.
I expect it's his lousy personality that drives off the ladies.
I want to scratch my nose.
Jews are a people chosen by God.
That land is forbidden territory to my tribe.
Barbara is reading a newspaper.
"I'd like to learn Japanese, but I don't fancy studying the script." "Then you should give up your plan to learn Japanese, here and now."
Sometimes when he was alone, he walked along, saying to himself: "Ah! What strange effects I feel from that kiss which Chloe gave me!"
My husband damaged a nerve in his neck.
The idea that life similar to our own could exist on other planets is fascinating to me.
See if you can lift her spirits.
The president's car arrived at the headquarters of the national intelligence service.
Is this clinic private or public?
Our data suggest otherwise.
You filthy pig!
He is not David. His name is Daniel.
He lies all the way. I ain't cheated.
Hello, my name is Tina.
Right now, I suggest you concentrate on getting this report finished.
Just what the heck are you doing?
Great Britain is a land of gentlemen and horse riding.
We celebrate Mother's Day in honor of our mothers.
I always watch my films in the original version.
What remains after ten years of marriage is the routine.
I had my fill of turkey at the Thanksgiving dinner.
Adam was a county sheriff.
Aaron gave it to Sarah.
Out of all his brothers, Anthony is the least wise.
The superior man is affected towards animals: having seen them alive, he cannot bear to see them die; having heard their cries, he cannot bear to eat their flesh.
And he told her that he was her father's brother, and the son of Rebecca:
I bet he is our principal.
May I introduce myself, my name is Lucas.
John Wayne was one of the most popular movie stars of this century.
I felt that my honor was at stake.
Jeff wore the tie which Kim had given him for a birthday present.
The company has cut a figure in the computer industry.
If I were a bird, I could fly, but my worries would not be smaller – just different.
These tire tracks were made by a mid-size vehicle.
Clouds are flying across the sky.
Yup, it seems like even the doctor was about to throw the towel.
I hope for a soft landing.
Alice wore a witch costume to the party.
I want to be assigned to the vice squad.
Harry is gentle with cats.
Grace has met William at school.
This world is a distant three hundred million light years away from the world where you live.
Why are you afraid of Derek?
Our conscience is the witness to our most secret crimes.
Is there someplace around here that can fix a flat tire?
We are all equal before the law, but the rich often have a big advantage.
Keep your eye on the ball. Bend your knees.
George is friends with Emma by association with Todd.
I imagine you must be starving.
Whoever comes first will get the best seats.
You should take advantage of the good weather to paint the fence.
She lived at 56 Russell Square.
Do you know where Holly is?
A lot of companies are going under lately because banks are so tight with their money.
The police thought the victim was William, but they were unable to identify the body.
Sophie, who was hungry, ate everything that she could get her hands on.
He is acting for the chief director.
Both read the Bible day and night, but thou read'st black where I read white.
Every night when you say a prayer, say a prayer for daddy.
"Let's see, you're ... er, um ... M-" "You're wrong from the first letter!!"
Booth broke his leg when he hit the stage floor.
Davis did not want civil war.
Ouch! That hurts!
The individual does not exist for the good of the State.
Will you and Randy join us?
People tend to interrupt me because I speak too slowly.
There's a storage space underneath the stairs.
She played that tune on her grand piano.
What's your favorite Bob Dylan song?
Many soldiers suffered terrible wounds in the battle.
I reckon it's time to wake up Robert.
Let us be silent, that we may hear the whispers of the gods.
Jack had a coughing spell.
Some people claim that there are no more heroes in the Western world.
Charlie often puts honey in his tea instead of sugar.
Scientists continue to discover new drugs, so there is still hope for people in coma.
The fact that William lied that he was at home when he was actually in the office the night of the murder is proof of his guilt.
In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit. Amen.
An old castle stands on top of the cliff.
The police suspected Jacob was a drug dealer.
The explosion was so powerful that the roof was blown away.
The two brothers are quite unlike in their appearance.
Muhammad is a cooper.
So what if you show up and she's not there and then it starts to pour?
Goodbye, Bob and Nora.
In chess, the bishop is closer to the queen.
Anyway, it's a shame that you do not read letters.
Officially it is his responsibility, but in fact his secretary does all the work.
I try not to let my emotions cloud my judgment.
I am a woman, my name is Eva.
Goodbye, Ian.
Hannah is a German citizen.
Please say hello to your family on my behalf.
Daddy, are we getting to-go boxes?
Jessica took all the blame on herself.
Do your duty without worrying about the consequences.
I can't stand punk rock.
Brad doesn't know as many people here as me.
In the underground, to double-cross any member means sure death.
What's the price per night including all charges?
Adam enjoyed his trip to France much more than Julia because his command of French was better than hers.
I intended to go straight home, but my footsteps led me, somehow, to the library.
I'd rather have roses on my table than diamonds on my neck.
George planted fake evidence in Eva's house.
In the most secret chamber of the castle lay the greatest treasure on earth—the Book of Truth.
Goodnight, ladies.
I like putting machines together.
A telephone recording tells you what time the concert starts.
Do you have laundry service?
You hid your worries from your wives, didn't you?
She finds strength in her religion.
It's your daily life that is your temple and your religion!
I'll bet you a hundred dollars that Muhammad is gay.
I think it's about time you stopped putting your belly before your looks.
The internet is such an incredible development.
A prize was given in honor of the great scientist.
She is known as auntie at the office.
Do you like Earl Grey tea?
Just dropping by quickly to let you know we're aware of some of the issues.
Jim runs as fast as Ron.
Do you want your whiskey straight or should I mix it with water?
In order to buy a car, you must show the ward office proof of parking space.
Those folks are insane!
Our mission statement is to shelter the homeless, feed the hungry, and heal the sick.
There are parts of land today that used to be far beneath the ocean waters.
Flat land has no mountains or hills.
The war had entered its final stage.
This particular model has a really low battery life.
Joe works at Mickey D's.
I have a personal relationship with Jesus Christ.
"Cross Section" was my favourite magazine.
Don't ask the old man "How are you?", instead ask him "What's bothering you today?".
The luggage was so heavy that I was worried my arms were going to be torn off.
When you apologize, you lay the foundation for a future offense.
After the wind has stopped, let's sail the boat off to the open sea.
"In the meantime I wait in hope, but what if you have nothing left?" "I can tell you straight away that you will not be waiting in vain."
Are you freaking crazy or just plain stupid?
The captain's orders were clear.
He felt that his own temper required a partner of a more independent spirit.
The discovery of electric waves made radio possible.
Lawyers are a bunch of thieves.
He has been keeping company with Ann for three months.
James had the nerve to yell at the judge.
Oscar was my mum's dog.
The Prime Minister holds a press conference tomorrow.
In her home, kitchen garbage was fed to the pigs.
The employees of Air France were on strike last summer.
I know that Muhammad is a former CIA agent.
She got pulled over by a cop.
Can you fly into LA?
I know Muhammad is a homicide detective.
Mary recently earned her law degree.
He received cheers and applause.
Hello Madam!
You ain't seen nothin' yet.
I was surprised that James was among the suspects in the murder.
What is the difference between the meaning of i'a and i'e?
General is a higher rank than colonel.
Diet accounts for more than one million deaths.
The damage of the disaster has been enormous.
Ellen does not speak English.
Mmm, but you must wait for me.
Hello, Teacher Li.
How many Stephen Foster songs do you know?
Since I hadn't seen Martha for several months, I went to visit her yesterday.
Harry left his family 200 million yen when he died.
San Francisco is a city of great beauty.
The doll lived for a very long time, being well cared for and loved, but bit by bit, it lost its charm.
This is Jacob's signature dish.
"You're here to follow my orders." "In your dreams, pal!"
Aah! Hang on a minute!
Yo, dog...
A captain is above a sergeant.
By the end of the century, the earth will have experienced a dramatic increase in temperature.
Alex says Monica is his soul mate and that they were made for each other.
They made a frame with tape.
My grand parents planned a boat trip with us.
If I truly care about the poor, then why on earth am I not a Communist? It is precisely because I care about the poor that I am not a Communist.
There's no evidence this disease is caused by diet.
Nuclear power plants don't appeal to everybody.
This dog is trained to smell out drugs.
Jeez, what're you up to?
Ow! Stop it!
Alex said that the rooms are very comfortable.
I can't reveal my source.
A higher power might exist.
Jennifer has a good eye for beauty.
We'd better pitch the tent before it starts raining.
Oscar destroyed the children's sand castle.
Oscar has a wide range of interests.
Adam read the Lord of the Rings.
By what means of transport did you get here?
Hello, what's that? Somebody doing street theatre or something?
He felt the most divine joy that he had experienced since his birth.
Once you get the taste for gambling, it's hard to give it up.
Sick! That new paint job is awesome.
His wife’s name is Liz.
The impact of science on society is great.
Valentina's nerves caused her to mess up her job interview.
China is the world's leading producer of rice.
You can no longer represent my agency after this incident.
He made a little statue out of soft clay.
Here men from the planet Earth first set foot upon the Moon. July 1969 AD. We came in peace for all mankind.
The bells were ringing.
I will serve you as an escort.
We took some booze and started to blah blah.
In the sky there appeared a ray of light.
Olivia's ex cheated on her.
At my joke, the audience burst into laughter.
Was John Brown a terrorist or a freedom fighter?
I'll sue you so fast it'll make your head spin.
I tried to woo his sister, but she didn't want me.
Maya and Chloe are friends.
The basic meaning of it remains the same.
Two of the enemy ships have been destroyed.
"Hello." "Hi, this is Jack. I'm calling about the package I ordered."
We have to figure out what our options are.
So great was her joy that she shed tears.
November 23rd is Labor Thanksgiving Day, which was established as a national holiday to stress the importance of labor in people's minds.
Is Lucy ready for this procedure that has no medical purpose?
What's the reading on the blood pressure monitor?
Alice, come quick! George is going wild and is going to beat John with a stick!
The clown made a funny face.
Shooting from a low angle makes your legs appear longer.
James pulled Anna out of the mud.
They began to make violent attacks against the enemy.
His Majesty is waiting.
Jonathan ended up living in a small desert village.
Tommy did not want to run the risk of losing his job.
Adam married his second cousin.
Is Mr. Richard at home?
He's a total moron.
Wow! Is that a shark?
Jacob was unable to contact the coast guard.
Billy is good at sports.
Ringing its bell, the train runs over the guard's foot.
Fifteen people were struck by lightning at a music festival in France.
He is worthy to be captain of our team.
"Hello, sweetheart." "Where have you been?"
She is extreme in her taste in clothes.
Please chop the chicken for the salad.
Dont' hit me, please!
On social justice, Pope Francis always speaks with wisdom.
Dan watched the video surveillance footage.
If you're sick, honey tastes bitter.
This is such bullshit.
Poetry is born of pain. Joy is an end in itself.
Little Johnny what are you doing sitting here laughing?
A heart beats in space.
I've always imagined Heaven as being a sort of library.
Lee said those were the conditions he had expected.
In the meanwhile all the palace had woke up with the Princess; every one thought upon his own business, and as they were not in love, they were ready to die of hunger.
Jack is now in a stable relationship.
It's technically illegal.
She is crying, smiling and shouting; it's hard to watch.
She has beauty and what passes for intelligence.
Could I have two tickets to Malcolm X?
We gain courage and wisdom from every instance in which we stop to look fear in the face.
I knew Oliver wasn't a really good dancer, but I agreed to dance with him anyway.
There were screams and groans.
Jack created a new file on his computer.
Jack gave Laur a friendly pat on the back.
People needed a more practical system of exchange, so various money systems developed.
Adam claimed that his gun was stolen the week before Catherine was murdered.
Martin seemed very tired, didn't he?
William is a tax inspector.
The sauce got burnt and stuck to the bottom of the pan.
Let's give Joe another round of applause.
Tommy has three gorgeous daughters.
Every master has his own trick.
The room charge is $100 a night plus tax.
This vehicle has four wheels.
It's a great pleasure for Snow White to have a talk with Doc at morning coffee.
I ran into Michael and Caroline in town this afternoon.
I prefer to drink coke instead of coffee.
My name is Robert, but everyone calls me Bob.
I could kick myself for not bringing a map.
It's a little expensive for lunch, but the taste matches the price.
Oscar thinks that schools should teach children to obey authority.
Papa made sure all the lights were turned off before going to bed.
The juice is lemon but tastes like orange one.
Just seven more days — then I'll see my sweetie again.
For the gate is wide and the way is easy, that leads to destruction.
Go fill the ice pack.
I'll bet that hurts.
Every monster starts off as someone's baby.
Modern society is going through a moral crisis.
Who does the gun belong to?
She passes the time moaning.
The extraordinary session of the Diet will last four weeks.
They won by force of numbers.
My head starts to hurt when I think about how annoying Chris is.
Aw, has he fallen!
Seven lucky dogs were chosen for the dog food commercial.
The head of your penis is sticking out of your belt.
For example, what would you do if you had ten thousand dollars?
Our young captain was a very handsome man, tall and perfectly formed.
Was that Alice's actual voice or did she lip sync the song?
He is a quick walker.
You smell incredible.
Toby can't tell jokes.
Harry is in terrible physical condition.
Bobby may watch TV until 7:00.
She's jumping with joy.
Hi, Roger. I'm doing well.
The flies are buzzing.
"I like Andy Murphy's movies." "But mom! It's Will Smith." "Who?"
Tommy tried to sneak into the movie theater without paying.
The evidence is laid out before us. Considering that, together with the fact that he has no alibi, there's no question that he's the guilty one.
The soul of man is larger than the sky and deeper than the ocean.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
I can't release that information. It's private.
Amy looked at me smiling.
The prisoners are threatening to go on a hunger strike.
After this, nobody ever saw the ghost of the old woman again in that alley.
Lift up your arms.
The hospital had a grand opening last month.
Besides being a surgeon, he was a famous writer.
Land, ho!
One of the major Internet search engines states that ‘Fast is better than slow’.
Cool song, bro.
But my elder sister can swim perfectly well.
Prince Charles has big ears.
The highway leading to the city is now free of fallen rocks.
I respect the mister's point of view.
The letter "n" is a lower-case character.
How much does a typical alarm system cost?
Ryan arrived just as we were leaving.
In the lab, two graduate students were waiting for me.
He's an alpha male idiot.
The gun went off while he was cleaning it, and the bullet almost struck his wife.
He threw the ball to first base.
You look like a million bucks.
Liberty is not a means to a higher political end. It is itself the highest political end.
The total population of the country is 300 million.
Oi!
Huh, you've got the experience?! Don't get me started. I have underwear older than you.
Security at the airport has been stepped up since the bomb scare.
He cut a brilliant figure.
Joe faces charges of attempted murder.
Anna likes chocolate.
You were fabulous Saturday night!
Eva loves kung fu.
My lower left back tooth hurts.
She won an Academy Award for her performance in the film.
Tommy wanted us to investigate the murder of his wife.
You shouldn't use the word "gay" as an insult.
Alex is engaged to Ruth.
Out of Alice, Bob and Kevin, only one doesn't like cats.
They dragged their boat onto the beach.
Eric has begun to sing.
Anna put on a fake smile to hide her true emotions.
People called Reverend Dan Anderson for his advice.
Charlie doesn't know the difference between Rome and the Roman Empire.
Screw it in tight.
You can't introduce evidence that way!
Olivia doesn't appear very much.
"How about the chest area?" "She's probably a B."
She is among the best artists of today.
Who's in command of this unit?
Ugh, the battery just had to die at the worst time.
My knee hurts when I bend it.
It is hoped that this new policy will create jobs on a large scale.
The actor is putting on makeup.
A good student like Oliver brings honor to our class.
I beg you, my darling... Please don't leave me.
My upper right wisdom tooth hurts.
We cannot necessarily see the star with the naked eye.
I was born in the north, but now I live in Florida.
The mayor's murder sent shock waves through the community.
The process was quick.
Everybody made for the door at the signal.
Do I dare disturb the universe?
If I were the restaurant owner, I would tell the staff to serve the customers with a smile.
Thousands of people sleep rough in the freezing cold.
Those who trust themselves to the sea are insane!
Dr Mason placed his work above everything.
Several children are playing on the sandy beach.
There were once on a time a king and a queen who lived happily together and had twelve children, but they were all boys.
Hold it, are you kidding me? Why'd we wanna go to such a remote location?
The movie was so funny that finally even Susan burst out laughing.
Yay! We're gonna win!
When I last saw Tommy he was just a babe in arms.
From which city are Marco and Maria? Maria and Marco are from Rome.
You OK, Pete? We can do this tomorrow, you know.
There is violence and chaos in the streets.
He's kinda cute.
I often go to Elena's house.
Can we drive to Miami on half a tank of gas?
The class was too big so we split up into two smaller groups.
Loyalty doesn't exist anymore.
Management hid the true financial state of the company from the workers.
I called my cats Jack and Jerry.
The idea of God would be more interesting if instead of having created humans he had found them.
I come from the land of New Jersey. My people are proud warriors.
Fifty families live in this tiny village.
This year I think I'll grow corn instead of potatoes.
Hello parent!
Although the man's ideas are sound, because he can't express them well, he doesn't have a ghost of a chance of getting them accepted.
"Save me, Dr. Rabbit!" "No." "Oh!" "Attack, children!"
The accident created a traffic jam.
Don't wanna regret.
Beth won't allow Chris to kiss her because he's awfully dirty.
If you wish to kill Simon's enemy, I'm prepared to throw away my life.
It doesn't snow the whole time through in Russia and there are also no bears running in the streets.
Oliver's colleague has just received another prize for his research.
She decided to drink water instead of soft drinks in order to lose weight.
They were exposed to the enemy's gunfire.
Filling out all these forms is a pain in the neck.
Charlie was a mere child when I saw him last.
Hello! Fancy meeting you here! It's a small world, isn't it?
That's it. I'm outta here.
Do you know who the Japanese ambassador to France is?
That is an internal affair of this country.
Nope.
Dave would call his security.
The old woman's eyes closed, and the eyes of her soul were opened to see the hidden things.
The enemy were driven out of the land.
How old was Queen Victoria when she got married?
What do you propose instead?
It's been funny to see how the world changes as the years go by.
All of a sudden the sky became dark.
Muhammad doesn't treat Catherine very nicely.
Muhammad and Susie had their honeymoon in a foreign land.
We're basically in a Hail Olivia situation.
The people for the experiment were chosen at random.
How many dancing angels can fit on the tip of a knife blade?
At first, the Indians were friendly.
Is it possible that King Albert has a secret relationship with Princess Diana? I don't believe so. He's too fat.
Alan is a poet.
The defendant has no history of drug abuse.
I don't see this as a core issue.
"Have you been here before?" "Nah, this is my first time."
Happy New Year, Louise!
Hello, Lisa.
James couldn't produce any evidence to back his statement up.
Chris got a remarkable grade for the complex homework.
The lamb was cooked perfectly.
There was no connection between Dan and the victim's family.
I like to suck on frozen ice cream bars in the summer.
"Are you all right?" "Yeah, l'm fine."
The farmer uses a different tool for each task.
I'm guessing it's yours.
The Red Cross gets help to disaster victims without delay.
This area was first settled by the Dutch more than two hundred years ago.
The smell brought back memories of a night some years before.
Rachel was buried two days later.
Tommy has a private jet.
Wow, you've really grown up.
No DNA evidence was found.
The sirens are wailing.
She has the beauty of a Greek statue.
Each of you must work hard for a lifetime, and only then will you be able to maintain a relationship.
I'm not keeping their photos.
This strategy is specific to that kind of operation.
Gosh, this is so embarrassing.
The plane we were aboard was flying over the Pacific toward Wake Island at a height of 3,000 meters.
Uh oh, I saved over it.
Life can force you to make tough choices.
Robin Williams was loved by all.
Our thoughts are with all those affected by this terrible event.
The photos are taken by a pro, so they'll turn out well.
We are here just for a spell and then pass on. So get a few laughs and do the best you can. Live your life so that whenever you lose it, you are ahead.
Oliver pulled out all the stops.
She is attached to the general affairs section.
The smoke alarm keeps beeping.
Caesar had no mobile phone.
Also, please inform us of your terms of payment.
Give me a ride on your shoulders, Daddy.
I really like to watch Power Rangers!
The police cast their net wide.
Jim and David belong to that association.
The troops had plenty of arms.
Do you have a 401(k)?
He received more than six million votes.
It is fairly safe to say that the family bound for Australia, or wherever it may be, has in its mind a vision of a nice house, or a flat, with maybe a bit of garden.
Unfortunately, the police had to wait until there was another victim to try to find more about the serial killer.
The admiral is never satisfied.
The latest issue of the magazine will come out next Monday.
You can't have a relationship without any fights, but you can make your relationship worth the fight.
There sure have been a lot of out of state plates here lately.
I'm tracking a buck.
The largest animal on land is the elephant.
This research was made possible by a grant from the National Science Foundation.
Natalie is sleeping, isn't she?
People might say I'm old-fashioned, but I think that one shouldn't have sexual relationships before marriage.
Ordinary weapons cannot harm the dragon.
Harry fed his hostage junk food.
The labor union called for a strike.
The leading brand of soda in most countries around the world is Coca-Cola.
I hear you're on bad terms with Owen.
We went to Sydney yesterday.
Objection, your honor!
Muhammad might look the favourite after the first lap of this race, but it's early days.
The section chief accepted the offer.
Shane explains to Joey why he's leaving.
So, well, it's a bitter decision for the student council to make as well. Give 'em a break.
The surface temperature of the sun is around 6000°C.
Monica didn't study very much.
Nicole was beside herself with grief when she heard the news.
It's shaking! Ah!
He turned on the tap, and out came a jet of water.
One must never place a loaded rifle on the stage if it isn't going to go off. It's wrong to make promises you don't mean to keep.
I landed him a blow on the chin.
My mother always sticks her nose in my private business.
Cookie just wanted a belly rub.
A recent study shows that we process images 60,000 times faster than text.
Harold II was the last Anglo-Saxon king of England.
Don't go out in this heat without covering your head.
Max explained to Julia why he could not come to her farewell party.
We wanted flying cars, instead we got 140 characters.
The heart itself is nothing more nor less than a large, tough, leather-like muscle.
I should go now. Bye!
Folks are pulling together.
Wow, that's pretty. The sea is shining.
The bride remains silent out of respect for her new parents-in-laws.
Find something you can do that is not for yourself alone, and in that sharing your unique light will also come through.
Whoa! I'm going to be a father!
The crane, unlike the dog, has never dreamed of flying.
The square root of six hundred and nine thousand nine hundred and sixty-one is seven hundred and eighty-one.
Julian keeps on forgetting to switch off the computer.
"Come and see", said Philip.
The profit will amount to three million dollars.
His strength is much greater than that of an ordinary man.
Hmm ... God may or may not exist.
He who lives without madness is not as wise as he thinks.
Han shot first!
"Daddy, why is the sky blue?" "Well, it just is."
Oh, now I feel the wind blow hi, hi, hi, hi.
Before you can board the plane, you'll have to go through airport security checks.
Let's review the evidence.
Jacob is the one who usually ends up feeding our dog.
While Oscar looked out the window a shooting star crossed the sky.
A helicopter is able to take off and land straight up and down.
Report to the captain's quarters.
He is really putting the squeeze on me.
A pound is a unit of weight.
Give thanks to the Lord for the blessing of life.
Entry is strictly for staff only.
The guards searched James's cell.
Michael hasn't checked the doors yet.
I'll be perfectly frank.
I'm sorry, I don't buzz in people I don't know.
Who are the judges?
The customer's complaint was about a sensitive issue.
Tommy pulled off his cowboy boots.
These figures are signs of a family or clan.
The drug was revealed to cause liver damage.
Ram's table is besides mine.
Thanks, buddy!
If the sky fell to the earth, bird catching would be easy.
I can't believe Joe was an undercover cop.
This car comes with free satellite radio.
Speak louder that your grandpa does not hear that well already.
I accepted to add Emma as a member of the club.
In Canada, there are many areas where it is illegal to log trees.
The communication of news by TV and radio is very common now.
He is being Nelson tonight.
He met Sammy Davis, Jr. on his way home.
She looked at us with her frank, searching blue eyes.
Moscow looks beautiful from space.
He decided to abandon law for art.
The human eye cannot see radio waves because it does not have the ability to see energy waves as long as radio waves.
Hi, Paul. Busy as usual?
The man was banging a blow-up doll.
Do y'all want a cookie?
I would like a trial by combat.
Unfortunately, our father is not in heaven, but in a jail cell.
Adam walked halfway to school before he remembered that today was a holiday.
The Medal of Honor is the United States of America's highest military honor.
Besides that he had nothing to add.
Teachers shouldn't have these types of conversations with their female students.
She wore huge yellow boots.
Do you know when the movie "Star Wars" begins?
One month since entering high school ... not a single friend yet. That's really terrible, at this rate it will be middle-school all over again!!
Lieutenant Dan Anderson was called to a second murder scene.
The clicking of high heels kind of hurts my ears. Do the people wearing them not notice?
James committed multiple acts of violence.
Thousands of families were left homeless.
He is an actor among actors.
Joe was always a mama's boy.
She had already said goodbye shortly before.
James is likely going to be depressed when he sees how much paperwork remains to be done.
The man wore a gun on his hip.
He's the prom king and she's the prom queen.
Joe is going through a rough patch.
Can you recommend a good motel in the area?
George was the victim of an advance-fee fraud.
Did the host prepare a dessert for the guests?
This weed killer does not harm human beings.
Whenever you warn someone, and he does not wish to be warned, do not stop once you have begun if he is dear to you.
Only a few drops of rain have fallen.
George's bout went the full distance.
I can't lift the sack either.
They want to poison the air, water, and soil.
You better give me your badge and your gun. You're suspended.
The year after, the second sister was allowed to mount up through the water and swim about wherever she liked.
I saw Christine here yesterday.
How tax friendly is your state?
The lucky discovery of a good book could change the fate of a soul.
The first thing Andrew did was to find his brother Simon and tell him.
I get depressed thinking that a guy like our boss can have ultimate power over us.
Wisdom is necessary to understand wisdom: music does not exist to a deaf audience.
Since he's a famous actor, this won't end up in a simple family matter. To the contrary, I'm sure it will become a major scandal.
It's rare that history comes with a man that his fear is set in the hearts of kings all around earth.
This new suit suits me quite nice, don't you think? As they say, "Dress to impress!" Ha, you really could learn a thing-or-two from me.
We have staff meetings on Monday.
There are tons of cat photos on the internet.
Sam got a raw deal when he was laid off just before his job would have become permanent.
Crime only seems big because the state has created so many crimes.
Oscar found an empty pill bottle under the bed.
At last, James Bond made it as an actor.
The Norman victory over England had a big impact on the English language.
Whoever causes trouble will be the victim of the trouble.
Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence.
Welcome to the world of drag racing.
I thought that you were a baron.
I have the ace of hearts.
Budget items that received priority are education, social security and other fields that are closely related to people's lives.
Wicked! Your car did a total flip.
This mystery has a plot twist that's completely novel.
A strange marine creature was found recently.
At first read every chapter quickly to get a bird's-eye view of it.
The scientist gave a lecture on the structure of the universe.
Chicks'll dig me!
Solar energy technology is cost effective today.
They claim that they acted in self defense.
The last witness sealed the prisoner's fate.
How did you manage to stay under the radar for so long?
Failure is a temporary condition.
The power cuts damaged the computer.
Thousands of homes were destroyed.
I know that you're the editor of a popular scientific magazine.
Mr. Brown has a magical way with children.
I hope you recover your full strength soon.
"If you stop loving the robot, it will take its revenge upon you" "That robot will--" "Yes" " What type of revenge?" "It will kill you"
How can I lower my high blood pressure without medication?
"Please move aside." "Ya wanna make something of it, sonny?"
"Aw, come on, son!" the farmer insisted.
I went to the airport to bid my friend goodbye.
I crossed Jacob's palm with silver.
The queen wore a very beautiful silver dress.
For a moment she felt glad at heart, for she knew that she had the finest voice either in the sea or on land.
Effective decisions are based on the analysis of data and information.
This image can be seen either as a duck or as a rabbit, but not as both at the same time.
He put a gun to his head and pulled the trigger.
Muhammad and Catherine said they didn't think the smell bothered John.
To obey the law is everyone's duty.
Have you heard of the rage of the Son of Heaven?
How can I desert the fleet?
What's your favorite Irish whiskey?
She was convinced that Pierre knew more than he wanted to confess.
Jacob has been booked for murder.
I didn't know Oliver knew when Mary v to do that.
George and Julia had a rocky relationship.
Jack lay on his bed and cried softly into his pillow.
Is the individual or the family the basis of our society?
"Well, OK," Willie finally agreed.
The collar is too tight round my throat.
The plane flew away in the direction of Hong Kong.
Lauren looks as if she's got a headache.
If we had more space, we could get a grand piano.
The sea turtle laid its eggs on the beach.
He chose art over booze.
"Where's your mom, George?" "She's out shopping with my sis."
Detective Dan Anderson got an anonymous tip from a man who claimed to know Linda.
In my opinion, it's impossible for aliens, such as those in films we watch, to ever visit our planet.
The nut is round, but not everything round is a nut.
It wasn't a 100 yen coin, it was a bottle cap.
It's rare to find big yards in Japan.
He is the master of all the slaves.
You'll see Mommy and Daddy again.
He is not Ivan The Terrible.
This plot of land is my property.
Worries are like ghosts - those who aren't afraid of them can't suffer at their hands.
George had pockets full of cash after a lucky night at the casino.
She laid claim to the castle.
Yep, I understand. Thanks a bunch.
You've got bits of hair sticking up.
Although my strength has started to give out, I do not want to show my weakness to people.
The temperature has fallen below zero this morning.
How big an issue are lightning strikes to planes?
The next instant Hercules caught hold of the monster.
Mr. President, my name is Khan and I am not a terrorist.
Paul jumped everywhere, delighted to have won.
Our university usually starts on April 1st.
Janet's dress is similar in appearance to her sister's.
This event was lame.
You and David should totally learn that piece and play it at the talent show next year.
Can you go buy the baker's gray bread right quick? And make her cut it!
In that interview, Antonio talks about his son that died a few years ago.
He's laughing because the film is funny.
British troops held that area.
He has fallen into the habit of putting his hands into his pockets.
Mexico is a country located in North America.
Crossing guards are posted during school hours to guide children safely across busy streets.
The Cabinet sent round an official notice.
All prayers are useless.
The crisis is entering a dangerous phase.
Jacob is a dive master.
The FBI was an active partner in the investigation.
The Holy Roman Empire came to an end in the year 1806.
Ha-yoon is a Korean citizen.
Waves are created by energy passing through water.
The victim had no breasts. In fact, it was a man dressed as a woman.
And your transfer function, is it stable?
Dear comrades!
Books are ships which pass through the vast sea of time.
Gabriel was very talented, but he did not study.
The player put an easy smash into the net.
You don't look like a dope.
Alex gently put his arms around Monica.
Life itself is your teacher, and you are in a state of constant learning.
I'm surprised Wade isn't carrying her in his purse.
Do you smell something funny?
The press confirmed the rumors.
The policeman's quick arrival surprised us.
The fan is making a whirring sound.
The world population grows by close to eight million per year.
Oh, a chocolate bunny!
The girl drawing a picture in the first row is my niece.
Harry used a bug net to collect bugs.
Have you read one of Sam Harris's books?
They set up a fund to support the victims.
They were made of rough brown leather.
Take the mile instead of the inch.
I call my sweetheart darling.
I can't figure out how to operate this machine.
I have an audition this afternoon.
As I stood there, imagine my surprise, Mr. Holmes, when the door suddenly opened and my wife walked out.
The function of the heart is to pump blood.
To this point, I've been unable to find a map of the region.
Diane is your half-sister too, George.
Humanity will destroy itself sooner or later.
True art of life is to see the extraordinary amongst the ordinary.
The State of Texas is almost the same size as France.
I barely ever listen to the radio.
Many of them were not original paintings.
George is a member of a secret society of scientists.
He wouldn't let anybody interfere with his private affairs.
Feel my kisses, darling.
The tongue wounds more than a lance.
A good conscience is a soft pillow.
It is like looking for a needle in the sea.
A person's beauty is their conduct in society.
If your baby coughs, take him to the doctor.
Our house has seven rooms including the dining room.
Charlie is the chief executive officer.
"Hi." "Hello." "What's up?" "Nothing."
The legend says he received his sword from the hands of the gods themselves.
Help is already en route.
Ask me the first question that pops into your mind.
Earth is made of heaven. Lies have no nest. No one ever got lost. Everything is truth and way.
Jeff wore the tie Kim had given him for a birthday present.
James served time for kidnapping.
The actress fell backwards from the stage.
The newspapers gave a lot of space to the affair.
Although it was a long way back to the station, little by little the old wagon drew near.
Dan is a retired deputy sheriff.
Food tastes better when it is wrapped in the flag of the European Union.
I think this debate is getting close to the level of the absurd.
His post is merely a huge con.
This year, Valentine's Day falls on a Thursday.
Tommy likes to collect underground comic books.
Once the complaining starts, it never ends.
The gun was registered to Jack.
I'll give you one more grace period, Jacob. But tomorrow, the job must be ready.
Sally met Harry at the station.
The employees treat everything the company president says as a golden rule.
Can I call you Eli?
It's very interesting that in Chinese the concept of tense does not exist.
Robin is Batman's friend.
This technology will open up a whole new avenue of research.
There seems to be evidence suggesting William was responsible for Olivia's death.
If your stomach growls in the middle of a test, that's pretty embarrassing.
You stink to high heaven.
I had been at a loss as to what career to decide on, but your advice has helped me to see the light regarding my future.
A sharp crack of thunder split the sky.
Dammit, I've been ninja'd again!
Oliver reached into the fridge and pulled out a bottle of beer.
Yesterday I met Christina.
Huh? What is this? They're not going to use my proposal?
People say that Homer was blind.
The Sun is in the center of the solar system.
He inspired feelings of strength and security.
The Stars must be kicking themselves for giving him the boot.
The castle was burnt to ashes.
Touching the sky with glory.
Near the street Anthony drank water-chestnut juice from a bottle.
The car passed by, raising a cloud of dust behind it.
He bought a shield and a sword.
This place is below the sea level.
Henry will come of age this March.
Arguing with a woman is like trying to drown the water, burn the fire, dig the soil or catch the air.
A mysterious creature attacked William while he was in the woods.
Mr. Smith is a candidate for mayor.
Gravity is the natural force by which objects are attracted to each other.
This Wednesday I'll see Carla.
Do I smell bacon?
I am in San Diego and you guys need to come visit me!
Henry James was an American by birth.
I haven't seen the film. Don't spoil it for me!
I have immunity.
But how did you manage to recognise us?
We are trapped in an alternative reality.
Charlie and Julia visited Northern Europe.
Every master has his own method.
The apple Kevin wants to become a pilot. But he will become a jam like his father.
His illness entered its final stage.
We're celebrating our diamond wedding anniversary next March, that's 60 whole years we'll have been together.
Day after day, all over the world, millions of people die of hunger in the streets.
"I don't wanna talk to anyone." "Not even your sweetheart?"
The mob gathered round the car like so many flies.
Honor your ancestors.
Instead, he worked a switch that controlled his computer.
Is the club gay or straight?
"Bring the child out into the woods. I don't want to see her anymore. You shall kill her and bring me her lungs and liver as proof."
Man's skin is very sensitive to temperature changes.
Radiation is a big concern.
I tried to force myself to stay focused.
I have absolutely no clue what happened after I got drunk. Why is there some old dude sleeping in my room?
The cop went through his pockets, but found nothing.
I'm going to LA.
Present-day Japan is going down the route to self destruction, isn't it?
It doesn't taste all that great for all the effort and technique the chef put into it.
France is a republic.
The Prime Minister will hold a press conference tomorrow.
Grant was not an effective political leader.
He still hasn't finished paying for his wife's jewelry?
Mark is quite an ordinary bloke.
At your service, madam!
My parent's don't approve of our relationship.
I'm Joe's nanny.
Everything hits the mark with him and he lets you know it.
The child puts adults to shame.
Every day has eighty-six thousand four hundred seconds.
Although you can't make it as "the greatest person", you can still be the best person to your partner.
Murder and robbery are criminal acts.
Mum and I are dying with laughter.
James drove his golf cart into a sand trap.
Oscar always yells at Julia every time she does something stupid.
This slow Internet connection is really getting on my nerves.
Take a tissue, your nose is running.
I saw a wolf, a fox and a rabbit.
Many seek favour from a powerful person.
The police didn't find any evidence related to who the shooter was.
The old sergeant was not less moved than the captain.
They kept the information about the military operations a secret.
Harry is an American actor.
It ain't over till the fat lady sings.
Israel is the Jew among the national states!
Stick your tongue out and say "aah."
And the father said to Joseph: Now shall I die with joy, because I have seen thy face, and leave thee alive.
"Just pay up already, I'm saying." "Hand over the money, Yo!"
What should be done if we want to find our soul mate?
Now, I would like you to imagine a map of Great Britain.
I have a high opinion of the film director.
Deep laughter brings tears.
I like this flat. The location is good, and besides, rent is not very high.
These are very powerful drugs.
Ow!
・ Corrected mistaken/missing characters in the text data.
As l was saying, I won't do anything.
We gotta lose the heat, step on it!
Night is falling, filling the valley with shadows.
Have you seen "The Lord of The Rings" movie?
Reality is the leading cause of stress.
It takes time to master any skill.
You're a senior partner.
He's keeping a straight face.
Mr and Mrs Jones pay their servants every week.
Barry Taylor's name was put forward for the position of president.
I'll bet my bottom dollar James will succeed.
His drinking buddies had a hard time understanding all of this.
Darling, why don't you watch a little television while I slip into something more comfortable.
Everyone was very surprised to discover that the slave girl was in reality a princess.
And all the days of Seth were nine hundred and twelve years, and he died.
The week in Russia has been awesome.
Ask Alex.
Wherever you are, we'll provide a comfortable work environment.
Uh...how does this work?
Instead of studying Italian, I'm wasting time on a bunch of nonsense.
My brother is a member of the rescue squad.
Do you have separate accounts or a joint account?
In the sky appeared a ray of light.
He's a jerk, but I love him anyway.
Rome has a lot of ancient buildings.
Wow! It's almost like we've landed on another planet.
The fire might cause the fuel tank to explode.
What do you think Dana has in mind?
There was a cherry tree growing in the garden.
They want to increase food production by growing new kinds of rice.
You have my respect for your ability to see your own enterprise from the outside and for operating within ordinary human and moral limits.
The prince made it known all over the land that he would marry the poor girl.
Spencer's attitude drives me nuts.
The body is the grave of the soul.
I had forgotten that my short-term memory is terrible.
Fancy forgetting my glasses, it's so embarrassing.
"'E' is not a Spanish word." "Yes, it is. You're mistaken."
The Prime Minister is to make a statement today.
Can you describe the ideal supervisor-subordinate relationship?
Have you and her had a sexual relationship?
Kelly, watch the stars!
You don't like chocolate anyway, right?
The temperature in Boston is expected to drop to -8°F.
A crowd of soldiers waited at Lee's headquarters.
The jury found Jack guilty of first degree murder.
My university friend is against terror.
His nasty face doesn't scare me even a bit.
Members of the public and other visitors may use the central library in order to gain access to material not easily available elsewhere.
She has to keep her powers hidden from her family.
It's a medical service.
Evan is just a little boy. How should he know what to do?
How many changes of clothes did you pack?
I knew that Muhammad was a gun owner, but I didn't know he had so many guns.
The attorney has strong evidence that she is innocent.
It is an ancient, popular and traditional festival.
Henry was dismissed because he was old.
Defense! Go team! Stop 'em!
I believe as long as we allow conditions to exist that make for second-class citizens, we are making of ourselves less than first-class citizens.
Emily cares about her beauty.
Just call me "Your Majesty".
Animals are hard to film in the wild.
Mr. Ford owns this land.
Tommy couldn't answer the last question.
The British commander ordered his men to rest for the night.
I'm a radio ham.
Richard is fair, even to people he does not like.
His cousin, whose name I forget, was a nurse.
Our company has no holidays year round.
Alex moved out to Los Angeles to become an actor.
Billy is very tall for his age.
Before it gets out in the media, I'd like to announce to all my fans that I'm pregnant.
If she finds out, I'm screwed!
Muhammad and Eva heard their phones ringing.
Yang doesn't like my friend.
She was tired of knocking on heaven's door.
I don't switch on the light in my studio at night.
The smell is disgusting.
Arthur is playing the bad guy.
I wasn't there; I simply state What was told to me by the Chinese plate!
I am master of all the birds in the world, and have only to blow my whistle and every one will come to me.
I'm picking my nose.
No one man can answer what's the meaning of life; this question stands before all mankind.
It is even becoming accepted even in exam-English that that called "simple future tense" does not exist.
Violence begins where patience ends.
Honey in the mouth and poison in the heart.
Look at the dawn on the sea!
I'm a Leo.
Your daily life is your temple and your religion.
It's a shame that you don't honour us with your presence.
He'll never beat me in a battle of pure strength.
Who wrote this bullshit?
What was the universe like before the Big Bang?
If you enjoyed this, please give a click on the vote link!
What do big boys do when they come into a room, Johnny?
In the end, Laura has chosen to study English.
Knowing is power.
The bus driver didn't stop at any bus stops, but continued until he arrived in Boston with a police escort.
Did you hear the thunder rumbling?
I call the shots.
Oliver was a tank commander.
Charlie's tax rate is 15%, but his secretary's tax rate is 35%.
I'm not putting you in a trap.
George can't hit the ball straight.
Charlie kissed Julia goodbye at the airport gate.
Sam helps whoever asks him to.
Who's the fellow that just said hello to you?
With his bright red hair, Carl really stands out in a crowd of people.
Luke, I am your cousin.
Have you come to file a damage report?
Please scan this.
Tim settled down after he got married.
I came straight here from rehearsal.
I wish I could figure out how to beat the system.
I have never had any enemies other than those of the state.
Thousands of other children were murdered in that war.
"That makes it as clear as crystal," said the inspector.
We definitely see it as a major threat.
The parents will be invited to the school celebration.
His speech won the immediate applause of the audience.
He took care of Susie's red cow, for he knew how to tend cattle and make himself useful.
Trying to impress the girls, Martin?
Ruby asked me to feel her hands and they were as cold as ice.
Whoever wants to win a battle must think that he is the winner. You can lose a battle if you think you are the winner. But you can never ever win if you consider yourself a loser.
William certainly deserves a round of applause.
Have you listened to this TED talk?
George quickly opened the drawer and pulled out a gun.
Oh, but don't worry. I don't put the moves on straight guys.
She looks sweet and innocent, but underneath the surface she’s a tough broad.
The policeman ran after the thief shouting "Stop!".
Gary will have been in Japan for six years next month.
The law, as it is, is not so severe.
"Have you seen how you're dressed, Oscar?" "I'm not going to the theater anyway. I've had a really rough day today."
One plus two is equal to three.
She walked away without saying good bye.
The teacher pulled me aside and told me I needed to go to the dean's office.
The table was groaning with food.
What's Claire cooking?
Tommy handed Olivia a bottle of pills.
My name is Robert, so they call me Bob for short.
It is necessary to look towards the future: whoever doesn't look forward doesn't progress; and as you make your bed, so you must lie on it.
She is unconscious of her sin.
There is strength in numbers.
The panic spread through the district in an instant.
George removed the hook from the fish's mouth.
I'm only bringing in a plant.
When you get on the highway, shift into fifth gear.
His lighter has done ten years' service.
Papa, let's have a face-to-face laugh battle!
Security is still a concern.
The system will go into operation in a short time.
Whoa! Where did that come from?
The new law will take effect in December.
The puppy is cheering me up.
Can you figure out how I did that magic trick?
How are you, sweetie?
I've had martial arts training.
Adam has many powerful friends in Washington.
The journey that brought me here is almost unbelievable.
A monster lay on a rock near the top of the mountain.
Heh, the teacher won't find us here.
Harry watched Lucy disappear into the darkness.
We can get three stations in this area.
He that is without sin among you, let him first cast a stone at her.
This hurts more than you can imagine.
This gun doesn't belong to me.
He rules the land with an iron hand.
Aim the gun at the target.
Why am I letting people treat me like this?
A vast desert lay before us.
Steady the boat so we can get on safely.
It's a pleasure to meet you, ma'am.
Detective Dan Anderson took Linda in for questioning.
Isn't that just what you'd expect from the prince? He certainly has the character of a truly great man.
Chris risks falling behind in the science class.
I want to face towards the ocean and scream.
But they said: It is not so, my lord; but thy servants are come to buy food.
We are going to gather at the mall at 3 pm today.
Sue has a big bottom, but she doesn't care.
I fill my pockets with candy when I go to see the kids.
Fred kicked a ball.
A cat always lands on its feet, even if upside down when dropped.
The film isn't as interesting as the original.
The company closes its books at the end of March.
Your death will serve as an example.
When I try to listen to music with media player there's an error and I can't play the file.
Dawn clears yesterday's dreams away.
I'm sorry I didn't have the opportunity to say goodbye to Jacob.
Tommy can't figure out how to fill out this application form.
I've read several books about serial killers.
Jacob is looking for a book about training guard dogs.
He found a clue to solve the mysterious affair.
Let's chuck it.
Hi, Roger. I'm pretty good!
If you choose to make capital out of this accident, I am naturally helpless. No gentleman but wishes to avoid a scene. Name your figure.
It was yesterday morning when Margaret saw Mr. Carter.
The law is perfectly clear.
Charlie often falls asleep while listening to the radio.
The children's laughs spread throughout the forest.
Instead of throwing away your old furniture, why don't you give it to charity?
The sea has neither meaning nor pity.
Success doesn't taste of anything and doesn't smell of anything, and once you've gotten used to it, it's as if it never even existed.
The company gave out a press release.
Hmm, what's this?
The radio is broken and we can't make a call in the event of an emergency.
He was curious about how it would taste, so he took a small bite.
My father took my brothers and I to the zoo last Saturday.
Emma was much in evidence during the party.
I like to spread honey on my toast in the morning.
Amy made an effort to stand up.
Nothing makes you lose your dignity more than falling in love.
Lift up your eyes, and you'll see the stars.
It's the grand opening.
Joe ordered a bottle of champagne.
I hear that Bob and Lucy have broken up.
This brings a tear to my eye.
I suggest we go home by cab.
Many thousands on both sides had been wounded.
Bro, what's your family name?
He was panting to have a go at it.
Prince Charles will be the next king of England.
We accepted him with our arms open wide.
The only way to force people to leave a place where they have lived for hundreds of years is by using force.
Hey, mister, your fly is down.
Emma's cat is a nasty beast.
This is the final lecture of the series.
The bullet found its mark.
I really like cookies n' cream ice cream.
You can't turn the heat off as long as the system is operating.
He called the ball foul.
Oliver was wearing a white lab coat.
The Professor gave a lecture on solar energy yesterday. I gave a lecture on Relative Risk.
Honey is mostly sugar.
I think they want to destroy the base.
I feel like a million bucks.
My great-grandfather was a gang leader.
This inn gives good service.
Will you figure out the total for me?
Peter and Eve are a dream couple.
The terrorists said a nuclear device was set to go off sometime tomorrow in Boston.
Look at that brilliant star.
Harry served 30 years for second degree murder.
I remember when corporal punishment was allowed in schools.
Instead of coming directly home, I took the long way and stopped by the post office.
Anna loves chocolate.
Introduce me to your friend Peter.
Hm, do you really want to know it?
Everyone ought to be the master of his own destiny.
Nobody can put anything over on the bureau chief.
There is only one star, the sun, in the solar system.
Michael had a hard time making ends meet.
There were no marks of any violence upon her.
When Lisa asked what he did at the weekend, he told a pack of lies.
Eric is on our soccer team.
I'm from North Africa.
Did the police find any trace of the murderer?
She has both beauty and brains.
Barney was wounded seriously.
If you click here, you can access the files you want to read.
I intended to have seen the film by now, but I couldn't manage it.
In an empty place, an emperor has no power.
There is no Plan B because there is no Planet B.
There's no evidence that Oliver was the one who fired the gun.
The new secretary types about 70 words per minute.
"Hello, can I help you?" Daisy asked the lady. "Please come and sit down."
The youth of our land are not interested in politics.
Where's Tara? — She's taking a shower.
Whoever finds us will take the pearl.
When I was growing up, I saw the largest boy in the village. Since I saw that unit, I have not been able to sleep.
Ugh!
I feel as though I've committed rape, although I know that that makes no sense.
The computer industry is enjoying a boom.
The pig is growing fat.
That's why you need a detective to figure it out.
What incredible memories!
You'll have to row the boat, too.
I never managed to roll my r's.
Ahh ... well I was young but what a stupid mistake.
The gang met up at the city dump.
Karen's skirt is riding up.
I'd just like to ask if you saw or heard anything last night that could cast some light on this mysterious affair.
Keep up the good work, buddy.
This star cannot be seen by the naked eye.
Gotta paint it.
Among those present was the Mayor.
William started chuckling.
Hi, I have an appointment with the general manager. This is my interview notice.
He is a merry fellow.
I want a pen pal.
Who's your favorite Charlie's Angel?
Jack turned on his turn signal.
This flower is called a lily in English.
As a result of the blow, he became insane.
Adam is a valuable staff member.
Press the Shift button.
She was released on the grounds that she was insane.
Every time I leave, I'm of full the regret that I haven't fully said goodbye.
They made me an apple-pie bed, the bastards!
Jami and Susie kept their relationship hidden from their parents.
The clever doctor was able to cure the Prime Minister's illness.
He explained the process of putting them together.
"Fear not," he cries, "Troy's glory yet shall gain / some safety."
By and large his experiment was successful despite his lack of money.
When she saw the gorgeous coat, Julie decided to buy it.
I knew it was out of our price range, but I wanted to buy it anyway.
My teeth are chattering because of the cold.
Do you need a ride, babe?
The detectives found no other evidence.
He calls me Pete.
When there are no men around, the night is kinda scary.
Lower taxes harm the poor.
If he points that gun at you, just keep on walking. Don't freeze. It's not a real gun.
Don't drag the table! You lift it and then you move it.
I thought that it was a beautiful funeral service.
Do you watch "James and Jerry"?
I can't give you the exact numbers off the top of my head, but I'll look into it and get back to you.
We couldn't figure out what Paul wanted to do.
I just need to blow off some steam.
The Tower of London was once a State prison.
The boy lay listening to the radio.
God shave the Queen!
They called it mass murder.
The checked player must find a way for the king to escape and block the check.
“If you are an alien, how come you sound like you’re from the north?” “Lots of planets have a north!”
The spy made contact with the enemy.
My name's Amanda.
Its neck and head were very soft.
How are y'all?
Nancy set out on a solo journey.
Scott was the first man to reach the pole.
Andy can be the farmer!
For example, they are not happy to help clients in the store.
Do you smell something unusual?
Hello. Fancy meeting you here.
You can't even imagine how big of a snake I saw today!
Bravo!
Outta my way!
Two brothers set out on a journey together.
"G" is an upper-case character.
They gave each other a fist bump.
He was chosen captain.
Shooting stars can fly across the sky in less than a second.
Charlie checked his tires.
Nope, not at all.
Dave has your money.
The state’s government has $34-million plan to protect the beloved animals.
Wow, that girl's gorgeous!
Harry died in the priest's arms.
I too have moments sometimes where I think I'm useless no matter how hard I try.
Say hello to your mum for me.
The poor dog was literally torn apart by the lion.
That was enough to issue a warrant for Dan's arrest.
Mama seems to have started with French.
We recently discovered an error in your personnel record.
The Prime Minister signed a trade agreement between the two countries.
"Pardon me, where is the entrance to the dragon's cave?" "You don't want to go there."
Many nights did he spend, looking up at the stars.
However, maybe from the sudden change in pressure when you put them, having your ears pop is a problem.
I can't say that Mr. Kelly has lived a saint's life.
I don't expect many major changes.
We waited for Helen at the library for an hour, but she didn't appear.
Jacob wore a Santa hat.
Basically, it is the same thing.
Can you imagine him driving such a splendid car?
One can gain a greater understanding of one's own language through learning another.
It is your shadow in the deep sea.
Mary and Jacob are a funny pair.
I especially like your chocolate cake.
They are scum who raise their children to be criminals.
Dad can blow many smoke rings.
The passion has burned itself out in him.
Alan is neither happy, nor satisfied with his marriage.
That reporter has a nose for news.
Such beauty as hers is rare.
Create a smoke screen.
It appears that the victim tried to write the murderer's name with his own blood.
There was little evidence to collect from Dan's house.
Hey, nah, I got it.
It happened that the King's son gave a ball, and invited to it all persons of fashion.
The magazine spread many important charges against the Senator.
The chain of crimes are thought to have been committed by the same man.
Is there an off-on switch on the device?
Where is her royal highness?
There's a vital link between the two.
Then the doll's eyes began to shine like two stars and it became alive.
So did Hitler really only have one ball?
Rex was a monster of a dog.
The two rooms are connected.
Several thousand people became victims of this disease.
Witnesses must give evidence on oath.
One of the big issues in the campaign was taxes.
The tail of a fox is longer than that of a rabbit.
A billion seconds is slightly more than 31 years and 8 months.
Every month, there were two cases of murder.
Harry is an experienced announcer.
I think stuffed chicken is a magnificent dish.
This is my friend Rachel. We went to school together.
Germany is a federal state.
There was no DNA evidence on the letter.
I'm fed up with this system.
He believed in the supreme power of the law.
Benjamin Franklin then told a funny little story.
The combination leaves a bad taste in the mouth.
On TV we saw Mummy's office in flames.
He ran for his life at the sight of the border guard.
Do you see the bird on the telephone wire?
God created the universe in six days. Only humans invented the five-day week.
Jason was caught in the rain and ruined his new suit.
"Where does your father in law live?" "In the house which stands beside my brother in law's house."
Lord! I object.
We found a beam of light in the night sky.
He has grown strong. Only together can we turn him to the dark side of the Force.
Language schools suck.
Gosh, it stinks downstairs real bad.
One egg a day may keep stroke at bay.
The tiger laid in the middle of the cage.
I'm sticking holiday photos all over the wall.
My good books barely sold anything, while the trash I wrote made me rich.
May the Lord reward you for this.
Eva wore an embarrassing costume.
It's such an honor to be remembered by a person like you.
Because of her goodness and beauty everyone loved her.
Tracy has a house and a car.
Go to yellow alert.
Japan entered into an alliance with France just before the war.
How much bus stops are to center?
I can't imagine anyone wanting to see that movie twice.
William uses honey instead of sugar.
Do you always wear green on St. Patrick's Day?
They took advantage of the stock price increase to raise the idea of building a new factory.
She bought a chick.
The Prime Minister has won his services as Minister for Justice.
I gather information about the quality of goods.
Mr Ou has come to Japan to study Japanese.
The Internet has a lot of information and thus also a lot of useless information.
I miss Benny Hill.
The British troops fought hard, but could not stop the Germans.
The victim was identified as Dan Anderson.
Yesterday evening I had a terrible nightmare.
Charlie has a terrible reputation.
I was looking at the sun setting in the sea in the west.
Carmen is the maid of honor.
Let's go to the exchange to exchange some dollars for francs.
No matter what your profession, or how happy you may be in it, there are moments when you wish you had chosen some other career.
The lion and the tiger are two different species of cat.
My name is Maria Sara.
There's no need to panic. There's plenty of time.
That company is doing very well in terms of total sales.
We need to have a chat in private.
Bill is equal to the task of running the firm.
I bet he arrives late - he always does.
Terry was very pleased with the news.
The sea is a harsh mistress.
There was no end to the girl's chatter.
I will be here two hours earlier than previously said.
Harry loves chicken wings.
If you stare at the sky, you'll miss the target.
It was a parade with a capital P.
"Gee, it sure is boring around here!" "You've got to be kidding." "Yes!" "Good."
The leader ordered the troops to retreat.
The powerful rip current carried George far away from the shore.
The belt is brown.
We guarantee after-sales service and parts.
She closed the door, locked it, produced a knife and started to walk towards him.
A cool wind is blowing from the sea.
Getting rid of garbage has become a major headache for the authorities.
Everyone behave naturally!
Both of my brothers are in custody.
Water in a solid state is called ice.
What would life be if we had no courage to attempt anything?
The arrow fell wide of the mark.
The red kills the whole pattern.
If I'm away from home for a period of time, I will stop mail delivery.
The bread is cutting badly because it's very soft.
But say, "O my Lord! advance me in knowledge."
Catherine was no nurse and William's wound got infected.
My secretary is pushing for a promotion.
Monkey Bingo is the exciting new way to play bingo.
He's a pathetic jerk.
This movie has French subtitles.
He's working on the president's security detail.
His actions damned him.
The autopsy confirmed that Alex died from a gunshot wound.
William began gasping.
Adam fooled everybody, including me.
The young women of this district are well known for their beauty.
Julia finally found a shoe she likes.
No one can deny the fact that the earth is round.
There are three dogs sleeping on mum's carpet.
What? You can't do it? You coward! Chicken!
She continued sobbing without looking up.
Add a dozen eggs to the list.
It isn't the final goal, but the process of getting there that matters.
Mum bought us a puppy.
The drug culture has its own rules.
You can't bury your head in the sand.
He is a Hollywood star.
My knee keeps hurting.
The party's in full swing.
"His toes smell good," thought the dog.
And Jacob would not confess to his father-in-law that he was flying away.
The employees threatened to go on strike.
In 2014, global sea level was 2.6 inches above the 1993 average.
When you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right things a chance to catch up.
Hello. May I speak to Mr. Johnson, please?
Your gut looks like an egg.
It goes without saying that every one is bound to obey the law.
This is the church where Blake is buried.
The vampire came back to life in his coffin.
They got married in Vegas.
In a struggle of power, if you aren't with us, you're against us.
Lucy pulled the mask off her face.
Many university students were against the Vietnam War.
Last night, the temperature went down to ten degrees below zero.
Hey, Molly, why don't you come?
Surely one shouldn't knock ash from your cigarette out the car window.
When Peter got up, Jean had already left home.
This beer's taste is unique.
Do you read something besides the Bible?
In some countries capital punishment is illegal.
According to legend, ghosts would appear in that forest, so people would not set foot there.
There are various kinds of candy in that bowl.
An enemy of an enemy isn't necessarily an ally.
The duke holds a lot of land.
I heard the gay voices of children.
A cheer went up from the audience.
You are my sand; I am your wave; sweat is our sea.
Debbie, is your school near here?
To keep you is no benefit. To destroy you is no loss.
Jack didn't have to shout. We could've heard him anyway.
The misery of others leaves a weird taste.
That bottle is in the dirt.
The crown is the symbol of kings.
Sebastian has been married for three days already.
The American flag has fifty stars.
Does Betty's son know that his mother is a serial killer?
Joe pulled out his mobile phone.
Each bedroom has an en suite bathroom.
It's the law of supply and demand.
Jacob deserves the firing squad.
Whoever can transfer love, can also remove it.
It was an embarrassing episode.
Oscar and Olivia were standing just outside the door, whispering to each other.
Charlie read an article about the solar system.
Pam doesn't use the word "drive", however.
The girl was quick as a flash.
Oscar is a mighty important figure in our town.
Everybody breaks this law.
Bruce was terribly upset when his girlfriend left him, but he soon got over it.
The air quality here is terrible.
The economy was in miserable condition.
What is the highest level of education completed by your mother or guardian?
This investment is the opportunity of a lifetime.
I kept the ball rolling by talking.
How did you get a gig like that?
There is honor among thieves.
Did you hear what I was playing, Lane?
She played cards with Roy.
Can I talk to you a sec?
It's still minor league but in the not so distant future they'll be coming to a place near you.
He has no title to this land.
Men's natural rights are equal; claim is met by claim, effort by effort, and force by force.
Lift the seat before you pee.
Oh, please call me Angela.
That Jordan replaced the main engine in this experiment is self-evident.
Massive stars are extremely hot.
Many stars shine in the sky.
He is humble towards everyone.
I’ve actually been keeping something secret for ages.
"Worry not, comrade, for I have a plan!" - "That worries me..."
He has a noble mind.
Heroin is a drug.
You may feast all night, but return to your grave before dawn!
Was the victim male or female?
Do you require a security deposit?
The rules of evidence are the same as civil.
The plastic bag has become public enemy number one.
The Guard dies, but it does not surrender!
Charlie got the impression that I am his enemy.
I doubt that the police are going to bust Jack.
He is a killer, he should be behind bars!
About the camp coming up, we'll prepare the food so could you arrange three cars?
Tomorrow we're having guests overnight.
Judge Parker had no chance to win the election.
Detective Dan Anderson picked up another trail.
I thought we were equal partners.
Charlie checked to make sure his gun was loaded.
The gum has lost its taste.
The blast destroyed everything.
How sad it is to have a memory that you'll never be able to recall again.
See to it that all the items are arranged in a row.
I've got my college interview tomorrow. Hopefully I'll pass.
If everyone shouts at once, we won't be able to hear what the Prime Minister has to say.
Joe takes his teddy bear with him wherever he goes.
This whole affair stinks to high heaven.
What is the theme of his latest novel?
The bird's wing was broken.
Can you imagine Jami's reaction?
Is this the exact same deal you were offering to Jack?
Since he can read such tiny print, he is far from being near-sighted.
Margaret, whose father you met last Sunday, is a very good tennis player.
A thousand years from now man will still be sighing, “Oh! Life is so hard!” and will still, like now, be afraid of death and not want to die.
The launch was successful. We're now leaving the solar system.
Charlie was about to sit down when the siren sounded.
Charlie made Jill his secretary.
Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Alex and Monica!
We insist that during the next three days you make decisions which are fair to all generations and which show an active concern for the environment.
Great bait, mate, I rate eight out of eight.
We're practically brothers.
I can't figure out how Jack survived.
Jack didn't know what had happened to make his leg swell up so much.
Will you please wipe the dust off the table?
The year starts on the first of January and ends on the thirty-first of December.
I bet, tomorrow you'll find a bad bat in your bed.
This product has been designed with the highest concern for safety.
Jack believes that he has been physically touched by a ghost.
Captain on deck.
Oliver asked his parents, Jack and Emma, where do children come from.
I imagine that Monica will eventually figure out that Alex doesn't really like her.
One of Roger Miller's biggest hits was "King of the Road."
Israel is not the Jewish people and much less the Jewish religion.
They're taking us for cash cows.
Ah, so that's how you milk a cow?
It's a lifetime commitment.
The wise man masters his steps well.
The queen was wearing a magnificent silver dress.
There's a funny smell coming from the engine of the car.
It's Gina's bag.
In own hut – there's own truth, own power, own will.
I'm reporting for duty.
The new tunnel will link Britain and France.
Iron and oxygen are elements.
She's out front honking her horn.
France is in Western Europe.
There are about 500 cattle on the ranch.
I charge a flat fee of 2,000 dollars per weekend for my services.
What did God create on the sixth day?
She moves like a queen and shows that she has rhythm in her blood.
Stick 'em up! This is a robbery!
My mommy and daddy will love me no matter what.
In the brain there are around one hundred billion nerve cells.
I carried the heavy bags back from the store chanting yo-hee-ho all the way home.
The journalist wanted to write an article that would draw public attention to the issue.
"Hi, is this Alice?" "No, it's Oliver. Alice says Hello."
I want to marry Heather.
Lieutenant Dan Anderson ordered his men to arrest Matt.
Alex pulled out another document and laid it on the table.
Huh? A mouse sits on my mouse.
The loss of his mother brought him sorrow and regret.
The guards searched Dan's cell.
Mary looked adorable and cute in her Halloween costume.
Sarah's going to give it to Aaron.
CO₂ levels never rose over 280 parts per million until 1950.
The figures in this table are shown in thousands.
What happened to Megan Fox?
For him to trust you, you have to appear vulnerable.
Lay on my cold lips the tender ghost Of the dear kiss that used to warm them most.
Frank had a reputation as a bad boy but he lived it down as he grew up.
Add salt and pepper to taste.
That singer is a teenage idol.
The teacher was picking on me specifically.
The surface temperature of the sun is assumed to be about 6000°C.
I'm Paul, your room mate.
"The prince of darkness" means "Satan".
Toss the gun in the sea.
From the tower you can look out across the plain spread beneath your eyes.
Luckily, I got hold of a branch and was saved from falling.
You are struggling greater forces!
Take counsel with a man who is wise and of a good conscience.
Instead of laying off these workers, why don't we just cut their hours?
Oscar didn't react quick enough.
Clouds were floating in the blue sky.
He's a loose cannon.
Jack has never dated a girl whose name ends with "s".
There is to be no penalty without previous law.
Although silver is precious, gold is more precious.
The therapy is in session.
Tommy is a victim of identity theft.
Cocaine is a drug.
Would you kindly switch off the radio?
Jack played a Spanish folk tune on his English horn at a Chinese restaurant in France.
They view scientific research as something to suspect rather than embrace.
The plant sends out a spike on which the flowers grow.
I don't wanna press you.
Charlie remains in critical condition.
Will you introduce me to the young woman talking with Mrs. Allen?
She wore a black silk riding-mask, which was then a common fashion.
It's our duty to always obey the law.
"Oh. You're alive?" "Yes. Where is everyone?" "Dunno."
William thought he was surrounded at night by threatening spirits.
Have a good day, hon.
Walt gives nothing to his family after his death.
The eastern sky was getting light.
Why don't you hire a private detective?
I held the gun, but I never pulled the trigger.
Where can I find the visitor center?
Faith is believing what you know ain't true.
We're investigating a series of murders.
I have to take note of that straight away, otherwise I'll forget it.
When acid comes in contact with metal, it causes a chemical reaction.
What a shame that Andrea left this early.
I had to choose between A and B, but I wanted C.
A lazy man always finds excuses.
Older couples often appreciate cash more than gifts because they neither need nor have room for them.
Chill out, dude!
I wouldn't let my daughter pierce her nose.
It looks like l've come at a bad time.
“My dear Watson,” said the well-remembered voice, “I owe you a thousand apologies. I had no idea that you would be so affected.”
Oliver created a terrible fuss.
If I create an example, will you correct it for me?
Tell Adam to stop fooling around.
There's another reason, isn't there? Well, how did I do? I bet I hit the mark.
A boat went straight into a rock.
The corporate headquarters is in Los Angeles.
Uh, Adam, I think you're bleeding.
Nobody shoulders a rifle in defense of a boarding house.
It took a coast-to-coast investigation to find the murderer.
Oliver is a funny little fellow.
Until the morning, the camp of the enemy army was surrounded.
No cure for the common cold exists, but the symptoms can be treated.
Wow! It's almost like we're on another planet.
Rosa has been a secretary for a long time.
Hatred doesn't just appear out of thin air, it usually starts from envy or fear.
Waves crashing against the coast.
The storm has caused terrible damage.
The eternal flame of love burned only half a year.
Stephen is cutting the grass.
Um, there's something I want to ask you about.
Stuart handed me a piece of paper with an address written on it.
As women are full of holes, many of them tend to think of themselves as victims.
The sun is at the center of our solar system.
Hitler hated the Jews.
Clara's lack of responsibility drives me mad.
I think it was handled perfectly.
King Charles borrowed money from William's father.
I can smell Lucy's perfume. I think she must have been here earlier.
Poetry is not a turning loose of emotion, but an escape from emotion; it is not the expression of personality, but an escape from personality.
He is a psycho.
She grabbed him by the hand and pulled him onto the boat.
Bye! Take care!
Oscar and Eva claim they acted in self defense.
Leaders serve society.
Whoa!
Hello Master!
A return ticket to Leon, please.
His latest works are on display at the square.
Treat a work of art like a prince. Let it speak to you first.
I'm sorry ma'am, is there a problem?
What does UN stand for?
Would you lend me the latest issue of the magazine?
Ha, as if you had a choice.
"I talked to Melissa yesterday." "Who is Melissa?"
I'm sorry that I didn't have the opportunity to say goodbye to Jami.
If I had got a penny each time Donald said something stupid I would have own a fortune of more than a million dollars.
His failure was in reality due to his lack of care.
Hmm, maybe!
He never laughs.
Hello, ladies.
This skirt is a little too tight.
Clouds sail across the sky.
"Dad." "Yes, darling." "I think that Mom... I think that Mom is having an affair."
James frightened Lucy into remaining silent.
Pardon me, madam, I'm ashamed to be crying like this in front of you, but I can't hold my tears.
He requested a blow job.
The bird went up higher and higher into the sky.
First come, first serve, was the word, and the first hundred customers got a certificate; whoever came later was shit out of luck.
I would like to have a toast for our dear friend, Michael.
The judge charged the audience to be silent.
Their job is to wipe the tables.
He crushed the sheet of paper up into a ball.
"Are you straight or gay?" "I'm straight."
Tommy has a scar just below his left eye.
"How much gas do you want?" "Fill 'er up."
Hey, buddy, can you spare some change?
He was a hero of the African campaign in World War II.
Charlie decided to cross out the last word.
What is the grand total?
We must all obey the great law of change. It is the most powerful law of nature.
We are making all efforts possible to deal with the nuclear crisis.
Her condition is taking a turn for the better after the operation.
Did you taste the chicken?
I don't have medical training.
Hello! My name is Peter. And you? What is your name?
She's not into the LA scene.
Y'all come! You all come see us, now!
Congratulations on being accepted to the school you've always wanted to go to.
You should pack an extra pair of socks.
Besides loving sports, my son also loves art.
My older sister is a female ninja.
I have truly loved fake people.
Paul's success was a myth.
The Prime Minister met with the press.
You don't need to be a rocket scientist to figure that out.
I know that Oliver was truly honored.
"Hello, Mum. Is that you?", she says.
On the evening of our arrival we were sitting in the Colonel's gun-room after dinner.
How long can we hold out against the superior enemy attacks?
The children called Jami a mama's boy.
I am planning to take my relationship with you to the next level.
Alex gave Valentina a shove.
Working in such conditions was especially difficult.
Oliver's number plates were stolen and used in a ram raid.
You should have come here sooner instead of putting it off out of pride for so long.
The British defeated the French in North America in 1763.
The effects of the drug are intense but brief.
Quick as lightning, he solved the problem.
She is the musical director for this film.
Cheers!
Aah, I'm angry for some reason!
Check this out, yo.
William is my soul mate.
I'll bet my bottom dollar he'll succeed.
He dedicated his life to medical work.
It makes no difference to me that Max has come.
Ow! This coffee is hot!
Oliver had a hard time keeping a straight face.
Yep.
We, the jury, find the defendant guilty of murder.
Monica had a fit of laughter when she saw Oliver's ancient telephone.
Nice to meet you, Mrs Jones.
Her book has sold more than 20 million copies.
It's an awesome organization.
This is the message which struck Justice of the Peace Trevor dead with horror when he read it.
I visited a museum with Alex.
The drum is the lord of music.
There was not a ray of hope before him.
You should clean that cut straight away, you don't want to get an infection!
Is the file hidden?
Humans are aggressive animals.
Yesterday the alarm clock didn't go off and Kurt didn't wake up.
And the Lord God called Adam, and said to him: Where art thou?
I have terrible memory.
William is the star witness in the case.
Jack drank straight from the bottle.
Send the package to me care of Miss E Book.
Could I have a scotch on the rocks please?
How many clubs do you belong to?
Tommy kissed Monica goodbye at the gate.
Go get 'em tiger!
Do you have a private medical insurance policy?
I knew that Muhammad was a gun owner, but I didn't know that he had so many guns.
It would be a shame for a young man to be at loose ends just because he can't get the kind of job he wants.
Your Majesty, open the door. It is cold out here.
Tommy never said that he wanted to leave.
You can imagine, Dr. Watson, how pleased I was at such an extraordinary bit of good fortune.
He is commander of our troops.
It is true that he has a good fast ball, but he is often wild.
The baby was named Richard after his grandfather.
His cousin, whose name I have forgotten, was a nurse.
I appreciate your fears about security at the site.
You're a disgusting pig.
Roger Miller died of lung cancer in 1992.
Billy and his father have had nothing to do with each other for nearly twenty years.
They heard their phones ringing.
The military power of this country is very advanced.
The 456 billion dollars spent in the Iraq war could provide one year's free education for every child in the world.
My nose is really stuffed, so I can't smell anything coming from the kitchen.
Cut the bullshit!
Johnny got leave to go home.
Most folks use their youth to wreck their old age.
We will be studying at the University of San Francisco in September.
The prince was changed into a frog.
Security was very tight.
Lee was dressed in his finest clothing.
Wow! Thousands of fish!
The world slowly walks towards wisdom.
"Michael" is a man's name, but "Michelle" is a woman's name.
We need to destroy this tape.
Joe was found murdered in the woods.
And when Joseph was born, Jacob said to his father-in-law: Send me away, that I may return into my country, and to my land.
It's my belief that knowledge is power.
Inspector Dan Anderson found no fingerprints on the hammer.
Let's give Joe a round of applause.
We must sacrifice a bull to the gods.
Thieves are afraid of shouting.
Down under the sea went the ship with all her crew.
The central nervous system doesn't heal.
All was silent throughout the castle.
Clark Kent is the hero of the Superman stories.
The sum of two plus three plus four is nine.
The law requires that you be 18 years old to vote.
They call Robert "Bob".
I'm coming to your party and bringing you an unusual present.
It's easy enough once you figure out the trick.
She needs a little cheering up.
Are you crying, sweetie?
Every once in a while, I taste dish soap on my food.
Who does this land belong to?
This TV show is growing on me, anyway.
Let's visit my grandpa this weekend.
I fired my gun, but missed the target.
Joe started whimpering.
Those numbers don't add up.
Chris noticed Kate walking through the neighborhood with a strange boy.
Aw, my father's going to China.
I'm the duty nurse of this floor. If you need me, just call me.
They're original, go ahead, smell them. They smell original.
There were some three thousand people who took part in the strike last week.
I can't figure out how to fill out this application form.
I think it's a wild goose chase.
Don't miss this incredible opportunity.
James Bond is not an actor.
The men entered the warehouse with their guns drawn.
I have been meaning to go to Berlin, but keep putting it off, I´ll get around to it soon.
Electronic news media is our primary source of information.
Apparently, this still doesn't work perfectly, but the system may still be of interest.
The company released a press release.
The prime minister is the head of the government of France.
How did Amy look?
The new term starts in April.
Not a man among them could lift the weight.
Your research will surely bear fruit.
My friend ended up taking the rap for a crime he didn't commit.
The sheriff established order in the town.
Don't make me regret letting your stay here.
I can't do it, bro. I'm really sorry.
You're on thin ice, mister.
Charles is a British customer.
Fish'n'chips is the most famous English food.
I'm going to the lab.
A bullet does not kill the same bird twice.
Oliver called Anna from the mountain base camp.
Alex looks like a million bucks.
Are you telling me that Luke is creating problems again? Good grief.
My great-grandfather was the leader of a gang.
The sun is the most brilliant star.
I'm making a doll for Anna.
You can't create something you can't imagine.
Nobody believed Kevin because he always makes up stories.
You are hiding it from Eric as well, so that he won't get to know anything.
"Look over there, daddy, a shark!" "That's a whale, Adam."
I saw that film on Saturday.
Jami, are you filming?
When I turned the screw, water burst out.
Let me introduce you to the rest of the crew.
When it sets off the bell rings, "ding-ding". Thus 'ding-ding-train'.
This was literally unbelievable.
Charlie is the one who suggested opening a bottle of wine.
Ugh. I'm so not looking forward to today.
I'll knock three dollars off the price per unit.
William murdered two police officers.
There's a tiny amount of milk left in the bottle.
A thousand dollars is a large sum.
The star is so bright as to be seen with the naked eye.
He and his staff can manage that.
It brings me great joy.
Who does Alex pal around with?
Police noticed drag marks on the floor.
The signal was red.
We need to sweep up the dust.
Maybe I should have left more space on the left, where the model is looking.
I can draw a map of Brazil perfectly.
Jeff searched for three months before he found a job.
During that era, the fate of doctors was in the hands of people who did not understand medicine.
Dan broke into the vault and stole millions of dollars.
You're messing up with the wrong guy, babe.
Harry is kinda weird.
What brand and what color is the director's car?
I'm calling you on behalf of Mr. Simon.
All the streets in this area are named after famous people.
I thought it was a beautiful funeral service.
Explain it once more, Jerry.
No human power can manage that.
Please fill in using block letters.
It says in the program that he's playing Romeo.
A major is above a captain.
Jack lay down in the soft grass.
Heaven forbid!
Hey you guys, bang your glasses and let us cheer!
This is how Scott and his men arrived at the South Pole.
I was looking for Andy. Do you know where he is?
On Saturday nights, it's difficult to find parking around here.
Stay with me, ladies and gentlemen.
Let's go to that fancy restaurant for dinner instead of lunch.
Get outta here dumb-ass.
The prince has set out on a long journey.
His theory is based on careful research.
Nope, I'm not buying it.
I like Dave because he is very kind.
The sun had hidden itself behind a mountain.
Margaret died in the priest's arms.
Nobody expected that his condition would take a sudden turn.
Could you please give me a quick tour?
Charlie shot down the enemy aircraft.
What gifts did you ask Santa for?
That's basically right.
He visited the grand temple every day.
I imagine that Jack and Carmen will eventually figure out that John doesn't really like them.
It depends on the person, but using "sir" for women (a title of honour for men) is very rude.
I'd like to make a collect call to Los Angeles.
I can barely move my arms.
The dogs started growling at Oscar.
Please introduce me to the attractive girl who is talking with Jack.
The roses are in bud.
James pulled on a pair of rubber gloves.
My name's Alan.
Humans are selfish.
Our energy bills are extremely high.
It began to rain heavily just as we got to the gate.
The murderer is now on trial.
Everyone is anxious to know what has become of the former champion.
Different people have various skull shape
Carlos turned round.
It seemed that Lisa was at a loss.
Catherine was born in 1985.
Go straight across the square.
Jack knows the Secretary of State.
What a bunch of idiots!
What gate is my connection?
1.3 billion people around the world lack access to electricity.
God! What a beard you have! You look terrible! You're going to scare away the children.
The English clubs want to sign Ali.
This system will work well in nine cases out of ten.
Television can dull our creative power.
A trip can create some beautiful memories for your family.
The standard working week begins on Monday and ends on Friday.
He decided to become a monk.
Oh, that you could learn to see clearly! That the film might be removed from your eyes!
Rachel is a good Christian woman and she means well.
Charlotte, what's this language?
The bird flew into the woods.
He's a fine young lad.
Jami found a gun in Eva's purse.
The higher you climb, the lower the temperature gets.
Marcus beat Julia.
Your prints were on the gun.
Don't fry bacon naked!
If Jason should call me, tell him I'm not in.
One feels that the city has grown slowly and each age has left its mark.
Go suck a lemon.
Gosh, what a dirty customer!
The division picnic is this Saturday at the park.
I want to get that classic car no matter how expensive it is.
I'm the director of this clinic.
Health brings a freedom very few realise, until they no longer have it.
George was looking at a map of the area.
Oscar pulled several photos out of the envelope and showed them to Carmen.
Internet network
There were plenty of guests in the hall.
Goodness does more than violence.
I buy tapes.
How much is it including insurance and tax?
The buck stops here.
The event is still fresh in our memory.
This boat goes through the jungle.
The vampire bit the woman's neck.
How many bus stops are there to the center?
I'm here on a trial period.
In that kind of case, it's best to make a trial of drawing up a budget.
Harry is ashamed of having lied to Sally.
I can neither confirm nor deny this.
Be sure to taste your words before you spit them out.
Are you going to let this fried chicken go begging?
Joe hates to admit he's a member of the older generation.
Hopefully that clears things up.
I don't have a crystal ball.
Edward is junior to Robert.
Obviously, they are jealous of his wealth and status.
We could hear sirens approaching.
Instead of smiling, the boy cries.
"And so I said T.M.I., Oliver. Too much information. I don't want to hear about your gross surgery," said Eva. "I know he is disgusting," said Eva's sister.
Don't play with that gun. It's not a toy.
He has been the chief of his tribe for 35 years.
Dan created his company from scratch.
This crowd reminds me of the streets of Tokyo.
He's not shy about putting himself front and centre.
Barbara's success is beyond question.
Japanese script seems easier on the eyes than Roman script.
I have a little cat called Nina.
The stars were shining over the silent fields.
In three seconds midnight will strike.
The police suspected the truck's cargo.
I didn't notice the surveillance cameras.
The seal kept its balance well on the large ball.
She acted distant towards me today.
The lion lay in the middle of the cage.
Congratulations! You're a clown.
I've been involved in a filthy trade.
Of course it's difficult to gain access to the Prime Minister.
Tina soon got used to Japanese food.
I suggest we concentrate on getting this done.
The truck was carrying goods bound for Mexico.
The traitor betrayed his country to the enemy.
What the heck happened here?
First, we decide on that which needs to be decided, then we split into two teams.
Hail, Queen, mother of mercy.
That outfit is running a fly-by-night operation.
We expected the routine, but we got the extraordinary.
A turkey is a little bigger than a chicken.
I didn't sign the confession they were trying to force me to sign.
I feel quite at ease among strangers.
Our principal wanted to admit Bob to our school.
It has been said that "a sucker's born every minute" and every 'confidence man' knows it.
Lucas is a wise-ass.
I must do it. My honor is at stake.
Tommy works in the film industry.
Would you please send the remaining five units right away?
Can you arrange a meeting with the vice president?
Neither a wise man or a brave man lies down on the tracks of history to wait for the train of the future to run over him.
Yup, I am angry.
Dan had to take off again to repeat the landing.
Monica wore a witch costume.
After the battle they delivered the town to the enemy.
Our solar system is always in motion.
I want to find someplace quiet to study.
It's not the final goal, but the process of getting there that matters.
I sent this message to Todd.
Eat all the food on your plate because there are starving children in the world.
I do have three seats down towards the other end.
Jack was raped by his father.
This image can be seen either as a duck or as a rabbit.
Where was the last time you saw Holly?
Yet today only about 15 percent of American families follow this pattern.
All of a sudden, the river rose and broke its banks.
I suggest we skip this part.
Laur now lives with her friend Sophie.
For someone like me, getting busted was the worst nightmare.
Monica is a powerful warrior.
The nurse has very gentle hands.
Humans may have co-evolved with cats and dogs, and they may identify with either.
I am going to use the telephone in the phone booth at the street corner.
What kind of person would treat their pet that way?
A beautiful object like that never loses its value.
He said Davis must be captured.
Ouch! My tooth!
James has started coughing heavily and I'm worried about his health.
We are all naked underneath our clothes.
If you interrupt a human's activities, it is likely to become aggressive.
It's difficult to tell an original from a fake.
How are you, Dylan?
Jack said a quick prayer.
He who wounds by the sword, dies by the sword.
I reckon it's time to wake Robert up.
Maria always whispers words of wisdom.
The most beautiful thing in the sky are the stars, the most beautiful thing in life is kindness.
That was a lousy trick.
I'm in Hong Kong right now.
Lately high school girls are using their cell phones to exchange e-mail.
We honor heroes.
Dan's guilt could not be proved without the murder weapon.
When James fell off his horse, the helmet that was supposed to protect him broke his neck.
The police suspected that Jami was a drug dealer.
There's a guy in there with a gun. I need backup.
It was such a powerful explosion that the roof was blown off.
Why are you just sitting there? Pour the champagne!
I think this bishop is a wolf in sheep's clothing.
I just wanna strip my clothes off!
Jami hasn't been officially charged.
A bird flew high up in the sky.
Dennis can be very wild sometimes.
God's not dead, He's surely alive. He's living on the inside, roaring like a lion.
The existence of nation-states gave Europe a great advantage over the rest of the world.
John and Eva are best friends.
Jack stood on the edge of the cliff, looking out at the sea.
Instead of sending somebody on your behalf, you had better go and speak in person.
Jessica was singing a song.
Oscar is a punk.
It is a tragic situation when the people of God lose their authority in the world, and they always do so when they mix in with the world, and when the world is mixed in with them.
And if there is some goal of actions that we desire for itself, it is clear that that will be the Good and the best.
A good sailor only requires a short time to get his sea legs.
Round boxes? Are you nuts?
A pair of leather gloves is a must when you work with these machines.
Quick! Quick! I hear footsteps, hide!
Harry asked Carmen to tell him where she had hidden the diamonds.
Society exists for the sake of the individual.
She said goodnight to her parents.
He wiped out the recording.
Could I have a sample taste?
Tommy is digging his own grave.
Do you have a laundry service?
He's a shitty driver.
We hid our worries from our wives.
Fair words fill not the belly.
There were many of us who were glad enough to win back our freedom, and yet who had no wish to have murder on our souls.
The girl answered: "Yes, auntie, I'll eat them both."
What are his official job duties?
I saw the boat sink.
Does Harry like Earl Grey tea?
Did you hear your computer beep?
Nobody seemed to have a motive for the murder.
I hope you don't mind us dropping in.
Hi honey, I'm home.
The circus has a wonderful collection of wild animals.
It's like shooting fish in a barrel.
Bush is the leader of the Empire of Good.
The children played in the ball pit.
Jami accepted Susie's apology.
Hi! You are Peter's friend, aren't you?
It was strictly a family affair for Sam Jones.
It is time to take effective action to ward off disaster.
Your mother is so fat, when she’s in town, Rome has eight hills.
She does Mickey Mouse very well.
What's the name of your favourite film?
My conscience is bothering me.
My daddy and mommy are getting a divorce.
Dan became the target of dangerous criminals.
Was looking for a corner of heaven to shelter from the rain.
Although they are twins, they have few interests in common.
Dan, Linda, Matt, and Rita are my new friends.
It is a terrible atmosphere.
Virginia, a wife should have no secrets from her husband.
Is that bird male or female?
We could hear the bells ringing from a nearby church.
What did you do in the meantime?
It is still in the testing stage.
What's the cash limit on this card?
I'm begging you, before freaking out on me listen to the end of what I have to say.
I just wanna nose around a bit.
The patient's pulse and blood pressure are normal.
He took Connie for my sister.
The electric car suddenly ran out of energy.
Ann has a weakness for chocolate.
I don't like when mothers yell at children.
And the Oscar goes to Muhammad!
Is everyone here with the CIA?
Thus passes the glory of the world.
William pulled his jacket hood over his head.
And this is the judgment, that the light is come into the world, and men loved the darkness rather than the light; for their works were evil.
Two people were injured in shark attacks at a beach in Florida.
One of my brothers is a teacher and the others are lawyers.
I'm a homicide detective.
The patrol cars cover the whole of the area.
He earned a law degree.
We have a cash flow problem.
I know that Muhammad is a private detective.
She was cheated into buying worthless stock.
His courage is worthy of high praise.
Worrying doesn't take away tomorrow's concerns, but it does take away today's power.
Our company has never had that kind of system, and it's never made us feel uncomfortable.
Paul was born in Rome.
There is honor even among thieves.
Ellen likes to play tennis, too.
You're living in a fantasy land.
The drawer is stuffed full of odds and ends.
My father is Li Gang!
General John Pope made a terrible mistake.
I can't stand the idea that Martha was right about this.
A party will be held next Saturday, that is to say, on August 25th.
Your seal or signature here, please.
Henry will become an adult this March.
Princess Margaret was captured by the powerful dragon named Oliver.
This frame shows the painting to good advantage.
More precisely, it is the question of the meaning of life.
OK, already, jeez!
Olivia and Emma are friends.
They did everything they could to foster good relations.
I know Jacob says that he's a fashion designer, but I don't think he really is.
l don't think it's wrong.
A white cloud is floating in the blue summer sky.
Does a corpse get lighter if you pull out its hair?
Lucy decided to reveal her love.
The prison was a for-profit private organization, but Charlie simply called it visiting his in-laws.
I've been a terrible host.
We had our photograph taken with a star player.
The snow brought public transport to a halt.
Do I have to dial the area code, too?
It's disgusting that you're sleeping in the movie theatre even though you came to see a movie!
Gambling is illegal.
I saw Liz this morning.
The impact of the crisis is enormous.
He is quick to take offense.
There was a ton of pressure on him.
I'm a music producer.
We got going straight to the north.
Get the first aid kit out.
This ad will end in ten seconds.
"What's wrong?" "Uh, nothing."
He has a nose bleed.
Blah.
James's ex cheated on him.
He formed the clay into a bowl.
We would like a kitchen with plenty of storage area.
Perhaps the feelings that we experience when we are in love represent a normal state. Being in love shows a person who he should be.
Do not make a major problem out of a minor one.
This is a terrible tragedy.
The enemy dropped bombs on the factory.
It's a legal grey area.
Sit down again, Miss Curtis.
When passing someone in a narrow space, do you face them or turn your back?
There's a lot of red tape involved in this procedure.
I'm just keeping my options open.
Such was her joy that she shed tears.
They run like pigs from a gun.
Many companies monitor their employees' internet activity.
James tried to ease the tension.
That popular television series is going to spin off two new shows in the fall.
Nice place, huh?
She is wearing a gold necklace around her neck.
What is the chief aim of this society?
She pulled him out of the mud.
Emily hates climbing.
It is said that the castle dates back to the 11th century.
It's hard to convince Jonathan.
An angle of 90 degrees is called a right angle.
The latest round of talks have failed to lead to a peaceful solution to the conflict.
Today, looking at this web page, I realized that if these people are idiots then I must be a complete moron.
I imagined that brilliant people disappeared to some secret place.
As soon as I get my trailer back from my son, I'm going to take a load of rubbish to the tip.
Um, what time is it?
The commander exposed his men to gunfire.
George is under extreme pressure.
They like to chop wood.
You dont have to give money if you don't have some.
Oliver listened to the chirping of the birds.
The new pope is called Francis.
He who beats his wife hurts himself.
Meanwhile, many more people fell, one after the other.
Our relationship is stable.
I always go to Holy Mass on Sunday morning.
Technically, I'm homeless.
You have been such good children that I am going to send you to visit my granny, who lives in a dear little hut in the wood.
What did Malcolm X say?
I knew that Harry wasn't a really good dancer, but I agreed to dance with him anyway.
I can't post the raw footage.
We discussed gun control in social studies class.
Oscar is a senior partner.
Why do we stroke cats, but pat dogs?
Stretch out your arms.
He lives according to the law of the Lord.
George is survived by three daughters.
James Cameron created a new way to make movies.
Round to three significant figures.
I have to go now. Bye!
Pitch a fast ball.
Gear the engine to the front wheels.
Margaret wore a silver pin on her coat.
Wow, that sky is really something.
I can see the coke in your nose.
The brothers cared for one another.
This is an instance of modern British life.
I'm looking for a hat that matches my brown one piece dress.
Alex thinks schools should teach children to obey authority.
The captain decided to send out a scout.
This salad has a lemon taste.
Jami is truly a fascinating person.
People of the world, how do you spend the last day of the old year? Here, on Caroline Island, we met the new year a little earlier than you did.
We want a boy to help Matthew on the farm. A girl would be of no use to us.
The cake tastes divine!
Jami started moaning in pain.
An enemy is attacking them.
Your temper is quick, but the way you speak is terrible.
What would you like, ma'am?
He turned into the finest inn, ordered the best chamber and his favourite dinner; for now that he had so much money he was really rich.
The TV commercial is drawing well.
This is an exact copy of the original.
The deer was running by itself.
Have you ever sucked a penis?
The labor union called a strike.
We're in sync.
Your father's going to punish you if you don't behave yourself.
Ha! I beat you.
He's a quick walker.
You can't get in without your key anyway, so you may as well come to have supper with us.
The size of a galaxy may be as little as a thousand light-years across or as much as a million light-years across.
He could not help jumping for joy at the good news.
A bee is buzzing around.
Dorothy should study art in Paris.
The policeman noticed a man sneak in.
Hmm.
Tommy always laughs at his own jokes, just in case no one else does.
Juan is going to vote for the first time.
Joe noticed something out of the ordinary in the alley.
Unlike birds, which feed and shelter their young, fish abandon their eggs.
The Catholic Church had a strong grip on society.
Hop in. I'll give you a ride.
I hate myself for not having the will power to quit eating junk food.
There are millions of stars in the universe.
The elder brother was living in a village and had grown neither rich nor poor.
The fighter has taken off for a state of emergency.
The students often call each other "gay" as an insult.
She took a typical example of modern music.
She was listening to the sea in a sea shell.
Oscar is an alpha male.
We often call America the land of liberty.
Police have failed to turn up any new evidence about the murder.
Oi! Why aren't you running?
Fred grew up to be a surgeon.
We spent a fabulous day in the woods.
Cool beans, later mate.
His new movie earned him an Academy Award.
We're here to investigate a murder.
They abandoned the fort to the enemy.
Then the monkey went round with a little tin cup.
Anne Frank wasn't a citizen.
He dragged the creature.
She was believed to have been a film star before.
I'm sorry, Reverend Mother.
You must be quick, otherwise you will not see her.
The soul is eternal.
I have a part-time job working as a Santa at the mall.
Don't put so much on your plate! You can always have seconds.
William doesn't drink alcohol—especially not whiskey.
This artists uses auto-tune.
Ford is bringing out the new models soon.
Many children will be going from door to door saying "Trick or treat?" on Halloween night.
There are no suspects in custody.
What is the scale of this map?
Some stars began to appear in the night sky.
Their relationship was falling apart.
When his wife heard of his violent death, she was beside herself with grief.
My upper left back tooth hurts.
He would swear at the naughty boys in the neighborhood.
He's my old drinking buddy.
Your cousin is disgusting.
Beauty such as hers is rare.
The name of Marco's car is 'Thunder Giant'.
The moral of the story is that you can't trust the system.
I am Charlie.
Emily is studying in her room right now, so please do not disturb her.
Life is, at best, a sea of troubles.
My knee still hurts.
Sandy won't become a doctor.
When energy supplies are in question all that depends on them is also in question.
I can't force you to testify.
I always suspected Charlie was a little paranoid.
Yay, I went to the store!
Could you fill out the medical certificate for my son's school?
Blessed are the hearts that can bend; they shall never be broken.
Adam and his brothers grew up in the Boston area.
She looks like a Greek goddess.
Every rare thing is expensive, besides a cheap horse is rare, therefore a cheap horse is expensive.
When will the law go into force?
Carol will visit Miami next month.
We'll go by bus unless Elena wants to take a taxi.
The smell of makeup makes my stomach turn.
In groups of three, write a paper in which you introduce a friend of yours.
Does loyalty even exist anymore?
Wendy, I'd like you to meet my brother Sam.
"I thought you had been dead this thirty years, Henry," said she, in a shaking voice.
I'm just going to go powder my nose.
Let's blow nose.
You've got to carry a gun in this area.
Joe put a gun to his head and pulled the trigger.
National pride counts among those things which I don't understand.
Lieutenant Dan Anderson couldn't link Linda to the crime.
Joe has no alibi for the night of the murder.
Alex says that he only drinks on days that end in "y".
I cooked this especially for you.
The true killer responsible for her murder is you!
The ship turned upside down and many passengers were thrown into the sea.
Gimme a look-see.
Come with me to the southern coast of France!
Do you know who the British Ambassador to Japan is?
He has a good knowledge of the internal affairs of Japan.
Praise the Lord!
They abandoned the fort to the Indians.
When did Victoria become Queen?
Jacob finally got the courage to propose to his girlfriend.
Where's my mama?
Marco and Laura met each other in a day trip to the mountain.
The trauma of war has a long-lasting impact on those that survive it.
Humans are monsters.
Don't put all your wealth on a boat.
Look after the environment, look after fellow creatures, look after the earth.
Please treat me nicely now.
We want to go to France for our honeymoon.
He chose them at random.
The blade of my knife is very keen.
He is invisible to the naked eye.
The company will release the new drug next month.
Freedom is the core of all human progress. It believes that nothing's given to us, but if you're willing to work hard. If you're willing to compete, the American dream is there for you.
Without the aid of the stars, we lost our course with no hope of finding it again.
Did you and Joan have a blow up?
"A", "B" and "C" are three letters.
What's your favorite funny quote?
You've become a thought leader in the whole corporate-governance space.
I remember one fellow in particular.
Power has driven him mad.
Cable boxes are more useful as places for cats to sleep than as entertainment machines.
The car is screeching.
In most cases, we can deliver within three business days.
I do not take kindly to those who abuse their power.
The agent was able to squeeze a confession out of the terrorist.
I'm just guessing.
Are there stars with other forms of life on them?
Poetry has no other goal than itself.
His father was a captain in the Royal Navy.
You filthy beast, get out of here!
He owns a private jet.
Batman is friends with Robin.
The strategy is paying off.
I admitted that I was arguing with Jami the day he was murdered.
The boy captured the bird with a net.
There were plenty of choices.
Please check the attached file.
I didn't know that Mr. Williams fought in the Vietnam War.
If "con" is the opposite of "pro", does it mean that Congress is the opposite of progress?
I didn't like the idea that I had to confess my sins to a priest.
This dog has a keen sense of smell.
God could not be everywhere, therefore he created mothers.
Hail, Caesar!
What film did ye see?
The Rangers lead the way.
Great! Now we can have one giant global police state.
Sit with your back straight and your shoulders back.
Nobody is interested in knowing what are your favorite sexual positions.
The Prime Minister is to make a statement tomorrow.
When I was twenty two years old, I was the master of the breast stroke.
Kelly will appear on TV.
There must be a balance between chaos and law.
Muhammad didn't tell his parents that he had gotten an F on the test.
It requires more courage to suffer than to die.
You do too much K, Oscar.
She committed many sins in her youth.
Many of the votes were illegal.
Now that my only colleague has retired, I'm flying solo.
Charlie and Susie claim they have psychic powers.
I suggest you call an attorney.
The Head of State is here on an official visit.
He fell in love with the admiral's daughter.
Emily has brown hair.
Words have great power when you don't string too many together.
When did that fat cat eat the little yellow bird?
Jami fights fights tooth and nail.
We must find the money, Madam Chairman, for the sake of the children.
In 1969, Roger Miller recorded a song called "You Don't Want My Love." Today, this song is better known as "In the Summer Time." It's the first song he wrote and sang that became popular.
What the ladies really want is between conversation and chocolate.
I screwed up my courage and went there.
We'd like to split it. Could you bring it to us on two plates?
Your tracking number is: 111222333.
It was Sam who stole the diamond.
Every time he comes here, he orders the same dish.
The elephant is the largest land animal.
Don't burst into the room without knocking.
The investigation revealed him to be a spy.
Maintain a healthy state of mind.
Arthur isn't as happy as Mike.
Luckily, Adam wasn't taken hostage.
You smell like fried potatoes.
Olivia is picking her nose.
Common causes of stress are work and human relationships.
Who's Mr. Owen?
They surprised the enemy at dawn.
Bear: "It is a happy meeting, dear Leo, for I have not seen you in six whole months."
This medicine is not a poison in itself.
Sydney is Australia's largest city.
The girl was pregnant before the priest could say Amen.
It's an Indian dish.
Since a disaster occurred, few passengers survived.
They checked how pure the water was.
Objection, your honor.
The child sat on his mother's lap and listened to the story.
He is in possession of this land.
Alex calls the shots.
It could be a trap; don't let your guard down.
How nice of Monica.
Humans are violent creatures.
When Nicole heard that her favorite singer had died, she burst into tears.
Was King James I of England really gay?
Solar energy is a new source of energy.
"What kind of beer do you want?" "Whatever's on tap."
Carl showed me the gold medal.
That actress is often laughed at for her very long chin.
They're keeping their promises.
Tim's wife insisted on his taking her to Paris.
Chris cannot control his passion for the lovely new girl in town.
Oscar claims that he accidentally shot Lucy while cleaning his gun.
Don't forget to put the cap back on the soda bottle so it doesn't go flat.
For my friends, everything; for my enemies, the law.
To rub salt in someone's wounds.
Finally her true talent revealed itself in that painting.
These images of dead soldiers are not shown back home.
Lincoln Park is a neighborhood on the North Side of Chicago.
What do you want for Christmas, Jenny?
The governor was surprised by the commission's response.
There is a threat of rain in the dark sky.
Sir Harold is a fine English gentleman.
The bird in the cage is singing happily.
We will vote to decide the winner.
I like Ted best of the three boys.
Young children think that closing or covering their eyes makes them invisible.
Oliver pulled a muscle.
Dan gave the detective an account of his activities that day.
Fred is a lazy fellow.
Do you have a tape measure I could borrow?
Dean can really put away the food.
What is thunder? It's Satan's laughter.
Harry started groaning.
This medicine will increase the survival rate of the patients.
Jami took a bottle of pink pills out of his pocket.
Whoever it is who rings, let me know right away!
Do not bite at the bait of pleasure till you know there is no hook beneath it.
Word is passing that the Prime Minister is seriously ill.
I don't mind sharing a room with Adam.
Hi, Susan. How are you?
There are hundreds of books in his studio.
My major concern is that Joe won't like it here.
The law is still in effect.
He forgot to load the camera with film.
Thousands of men were on their way to Washington.
Jacob faces three charges of assault.
heh... he's a fun guy, eh?
Suddenly the ground seemed to disappear from beneath my feet.
Charlie and his gang plan to rob a bank.
Was Julian wrong?
Joey doesn't understand Shane.
Philip wants to get ripped.
The new shopping mall that opened last week closes at midnight every night.
Give me that iron ball.
Young children can be under enormous stress when their parents break up, and often blame themselves for the failure of the marriage.
Make a handsome profit of one thousand dollars.
All the money in the world won't help you if you're stuck on a desert island.
Jersey Shore gave New Jersey a bad reputation.
She twisted evidence.
Who stands to benefit from the murder?
They sue companies that sell MP3 players without paying them.
"Dad, where is the rest of my Halloween candy?" "Sorry, I've had a bit of weakness for chocolate lately."
His conduct was nothing short of madness.
The bride and groom kissed when the ceremony ended.
William works in research and development.
Alex checked to see if his gun was loaded.
Alex is just pulling your chain.
The operator lost control over the robot.
Oscar bought a chuck steak.
And when he had heard the causes of his journey, he answered: Thou art my bone and my flesh.
Pretending to be a friend, the man robbed old people of their social security checks.
People liked Jimmy Carter.
This is my latest review.
The boys are throwing a ball in the back yard.
The management of a company offered a 5% pay increase to the union.
I visited Hollywood while I stayed in Los Angeles.
"You've bought yourself a new flat? Where do you live now, then?" "At the end of the world. It doesn't even have a tube station."
A bright child is curious about life and reality.
I'm the one who usually ends up feeding our dog.
Emma is an Italian citizen.
He put a lot of honey on his toast.
It's common knowledge that bears like honey.
Dan took a look at the victim's vehicle.
Please push the Ctrl+Alt+Del key to log on the system.
It should be illegal to own a gun.
I can't imagine loving anybody that much.
I can't figure out what's causing the problem.
Hey, who's this bottle of champagne for? I haven't ordered drinks.
Why didn't anybody warn us?
My mother is called Lucy, she is British.
Who is the brains of this operation?
Be careful not to tear your clothes on that nail.
Hail a cab.
Did you ever try keeping your flat completely free from dust?
After the race, everyone stood around panting for five or ten minutes.
Hundreds of thousands of people were out of work.
Sarah gave it to Aaron.
Tommy quarters are near the camp.
To scream at the top of your lungs.
I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act; but I believe in a fate that falls on them unless they act.
Try to power cycle it?
Hello honey.
Will you please connect me with Mr. Smith?
Social media is growing in importance.
The audience were mostly young girls.
Peter and Eve make a handsome couple.
He usually uses credit cards instead of cash.
At night the temperature fell below freezing.
The priest gave me his blessing.
They went straight to their rooms.
Coffee is the holy drink of university students.
Go directly to the airport. Otherwise, you'll be late.
Controlled Access Zone: No entry without permission.
A major third has four half steps.
This is a false bottom pan.
Hm, that's a good idea. Let's go there.
Everyone ought to be the master of their own destiny.
You only gave me fifty cents.
I wanna see your expression.
Would King Albert have an affair with Princess Diana? I think not. He's too fat.
He went to Africa to see wild animals.
William went through all the files in the drawer.
He's a buzz kill.
I tried a glass of one of the emperor's favorite drinks that used to be served in the palace.
There are still judges in Berlin!
I keep this bottle separate from all the others.
Let me be thy proper servant, who took him into my trust, and promised, saying: If I bring him not again, I will be guilty of sin against my father for ever.
You can bet Adam knows plenty about Mary.
"Is it true what they say?" "What?" "That human flesh tastes like pork."
Every reporter sent his stories with the least possible delay.
Dan noticed the California license plate on Linda's car.
I feel a little uncomfortable bringing this up, but I love you.
The small car boom is ending.
Let's row the boat in turn.
I've finally learned how to roll my R's!
The garbage dump is over there.
Few people take the trouble to read all the terms and conditions of a contract before signing it.
Karen went there herself.
The stranger was so near to her that, without actually suffering her to fall, he could not avoid catching her in his arms.
Joe was chuckling.
There used to be a statue of a lion at the gate.
It is called a lily.
The plane flew beyond our range of vision.
Fortune comes in by a merry gate.
Quick, turn off the lamp, I want to hide in the darkness.
The Moon isn't a planet, but a satellite of the Earth.
Drugs are a cancer of modern society.
My shift starts at 2:30.
Those bastards will never take me alive!
I'm bleeding! Apply direct pressure to my wound.
Carmen sat on the floor and wrapped her arms around her knees.
This beef is four dollars per pound.
Life in society requires communication.
He is acting like Nelson tonight.
Sammy Davis was an excellent singer.
I don't know what kind of creature is making such a terrible noise outside tonight.
Quit chattering.
The secretary was asked to file past records.
There is an air service between Tokyo and Moscow.
My dog is named Julie. She first arrived at our home as a little puppy.
George says he can trace his ancestors back about 300 years.
Amazing... I never knew that chicken could taste so good.
This gun has a range of 300 meters.
Am I speaking with Taylor?
If you're afraid of making mistakes in a foreign language, you will often freeze up while trying to figure out the correct way to say something.
Christ died once for all humans.
Every year brings stranger weather to many areas of the world.
Hello, I would like some fresh orange juice.
His acts of courage brought him glory.
Apart from Peter, his brothers were also there.
She was the queen of the ball.
The tower looks beautiful against the evening sky.
He was the most remarkable figure in the history of the city.
I hear you passed the entrance exam. Congratulations!
The purple alien had 4 arms and 4 legs.
She's a nasty witch.
Charlie continued banging on the door.
I'm an undercover cop.
La, la, la, I'm not listening.
How's Amanda?
We have spent a lot of time searching for a parking space.
He pulled the wounded soldier to the nearby bush.
Jacob had an extra pair of gloves in this pack.
Tommy died in combat.
Don't pee on an electric fence.
His soul was in heaven.
We have an unusual relationship.
There are various actions in conversations.
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen!
We have been waiting for an hour and the snake has barely moved.
People are trapped by what they believe to be reality.
Can we change the key to G?
William was chosen captain.
The internet can't commit crimes!
Have you already checked the tires?
The radio didn't mention the incident.
It was his fate to be beloved by no one.
It was awfully funny.
Muhammad says he sings bass.
You never think you'll go to war and end up a victim of friendly fire.
I could smell the food long before entering the house.
Oliver reached the rank of colonel.
The actors are waiting on the stage.
The police executed a search warrant on my brother's apartment.
The fight of 43 students was terrible. They only wanted peace and loved studying‏. Mexico
Adam lives in Orange County.
We only accept cash payment.
I bet my bottom dollar he is innocent.
Helen has won the prize.
Don't risk putting everything in one boat.
The radio station came back on the air shortly after the storm.
Some countries suffer from “the curse of natural resources.”
Without the shadow of a doubt, the dream was a memory from a previous life.
I imagine that Charlie will eventually figure out that Margaret doesn't really like him.
Joe will likely be depressed when he sees how much paperwork remains to be done.
How do you always manage to look so gorgeous?
Oliver's design was highly original.
Harry was very quick to volunteer.
May I have a bus route map?
Robert likes to chat with his boyfriend.
You can imagine from what I say that my poor sister Julia and I had no great pleasure in our lives.
He is a reporter for Time magazine.
The voice leading in this piece is terrible.
Adam used to be a member of the bomb squad.
Knowing is not the same as understanding.
Here's to you! Cheers!
She tried to screen her son from reality.
Aah. Now I understand.
Have you read the Holy Bible?
George has been taken to the ER.
His shirt is terrible, it's a fashion crime.
Yo, check this out.
The ladies' dresses are on the floor.
I had to cool my heels for an hour in front of the door, waiting for his highness to leave the bathroom.
Mr Johnson is a lawyer. He will be having three clients this afternoon.
Is that the only advantage of having this device?
From that distance, the ship is similar to an island.
Maybe we're connected by destiny.
Harry is the only witness. There are no other witnesses.
Max is clever with his fingers.
She's a total sweetheart.
Ow, the coffee is very hot!
Mark was a work horse on his construction crew.
The mother of that child is an announcer.
It's our duty to pay attention to the law.
Rape is a shame for her and her family.
There are security cameras all around here.
Do you really think that she is a virgin?
Mary felt as if a ghost or spirit had touched her back.
France is the largest country in Western Europe.
Muhammad is a federal prosecutor.
Yep. OK.
Is that your mummy?
The army is protecting the border between France and Spain.
It is possible to access the Internet without a wire.
Mrs Thomas taught us history.
She had a little round object in her hand.
I like the smell of tea. The taste, not so much.
They called on him to provide evidence.
The higher the pressure, the higher the temperature.
You have only to push the button to open the bay window.
We expect you and your workers to fully cooperate in the investigation.
The father had met the sergeant last year.
I'm waiting and hoping for Alex to come.
The hunter was alert to every sound and movement.
They cleaned the trash against the clinic wall.
I can't imagine what could be keeping Adam.
He wasn't given any reward for his service.
We had an awesome time at the zoo.
I believe in the power of the spirit and will never leave you.
You're the authority figure here.
Everywhere I look, it's just a bunch of dead ends.
Good that you told me, otherwise I would never have remembered it.
Not a ray of light could reach the closet.
Harry can't figure out how Susie was able to plan a surprise party without him knowing about it.
Fill up the tank.
Confidence is hard to build, but easy to destroy.
The district attorney wasn't content with a two-year sentence.
Normally this would be funny.
Despite being a model, she looks rather ugly.
He is by no means wanting in courage.
Patrick cannot write properly.
Marie had the appetite of a bird.
There is no such thing as a saint, so do not try to appear to be one.
Jimmy got that fat chick pregnant.
I beg you, give me a bottle!
He drank straight from the bottle.
It's not a doll. It's an action figure.
My memory is terrible.
Have you checked our stock price recently?
Our imagination lets us travel around space.
A three-room apartment suits our family nicely.
My tail hurts!
By the time the senator finished his speech, the audience had lost interest.
The nightmare always begins every night.
George wiped the gun clean.
Oscar wore an embarrassing costume.
Jacob and Valentina claim that they acted in self defense.
You should be setting a good example for your younger brother.
This will surely add to you appetite.
My glasses started to slip down my nose.
We have plenty of honey.
He settled part of his estate on his son Robert.
I want you to be my maid of honor.
Joe is now working for a secret service agency. However, he can't say which one, because that must remain a secret.
I cannot sing in front of an audience for shame.
I knew George was a gun owner, but I didn't know that he had so many guns.
And Sara lived a hundred and twenty-seven years.
All humans are created equal.
It is a task beyond my power.
I want to speak to Terry.
Her Majesty is waiting.
Tommy, can you hear me?
You chatter too much.
Never add fuel to the flames.
It is true he has a good fast ball, but he is often wild.
It is not easy to speak naturally on the radio.
Previously, he was a successful man.
Since when is Richard married?
Chicken wings are better than meat.
Gee, what a novel approach.
A belt keeps your pants from falling down.
Billy, get lost! I don't want to see you here again.
"Can you cook?" - "Yes, I can. But I can't guarantee it'll taste good."
All the phones were ringing.
The wind is blowing from the sea.
That system is clearly better than the current one.
Where is the garbage area?
If you behave like a servant, you'll be treated like a servant.
Both of Alex's brothers are in custody.
Charlie has fallen from grace.
Love is a powerful drug.
A sacred ritual took place in the magnificent temple.
Usual folks like when other people are similar to themselves, and hate when they are different.
There's no solid evidence against Tommy.
George made no attempt to defend himself.
The audience burst into applause.
Don't say bullshit!
It was a terrible disaster.
Johnny moved to Spain just a few months ago, so he isn't used to speaking Spanish as yet.
Stop the advance of the enemy.
He's pushing fifty.
"Andrew, where's the map? Have you got it?" "I don't think so."
This brings back so many memories.
Security was extremely tight.
I met him through Lee.
I need subtitles.
The police made the witness explain in detail how the accident had happened.
What's all the fuss about? Damned if I know!
The baby survived the delivery.
Let's sit down to gather strength.
He was gasping for breath as he ran.
My cousin, who is a lawyer, is in France at present.
No one will deny the fact that the world is round.
I have sand in my shoe.
If the master is not present, the slave does not work.
You chicken out again, you coward?
George came into the room, sobbing.
How much are eggs per dozen?
The hunter shot at the bird.
The acting in this series is pathetic.
When we lose a language we lose information about culture, society and history.
The prime minister already voted in his city of residence.
Don't bury your head in the sand.
My tooth is really hurting.
Jack talked to a police inspector about the plot.
I'm sure you'll get back into the swing of things.
In the background we saw the island.
It's a perfect example of cruel fate.
You won't get anything by shouting.
Each state had just one vote.
The children were chasing each other and laughing.
Five plus two makes seven.
Hello. May I talk to Mr Johnson, please?
This is the final struggle.
There are three intelligent species on the planet.
Dan went on trial for the murder of his wife, Linda.
Don't pay lip service to me.
Joe had a great time in Vegas.
Kim was two years senior to him.
She pulled the mask off her face.
I truly regret having to tell you this.
We called Robert "Bob".
Then they turned their faces towards each other and they did not loose each other's hands.
Molly has a big watch.
The temperature outside is four degrees below zero.
Research requires a lot of energy, but it's worth the effort.
Jean and Kate are twins.
Alex led the rescue operation.
This is a plant unique to this country.
Alex was cheering for Monica.
I have not an enemy in the world, as far as I know, so why should anyone play me such a trick?
Are you tired, sweetie?
Emma has accepted her punishment.
He accepted that he was a monster.
Alex threatened Mary with a gun.
My head hurts, and so do my arms, legs... in fact, my whole body.
I often say a great doctor kills more people than a great general.
I saw grandpa two or three times a week.
Aim at the target with this gun.
I ran away from the training camp.
I wish I could figure out how to get my car painted without paying a lot of money.
Muhammad is such a disgusting pig.
Please add up the numbers.
A poisoned cherry may kill a duke.
Aw, sorry you missed the show.
They found an ancient bowl from 2,000 years ago.
This gun is out of bullets.
According to the police investigation, Oscar was at the scene of the crime at the time of the event.
The nurse has taken my blood pressure.
Tommy didn't have to shout. We could have heard him anyway.
Japan is a country surrounded by the sea on all sides.
The kitty is trying to hide from the rain.
There are a lot of Germans on this island.
I polish my boots and go out — the old dirt will give way to the new.
We are being attacked by an unknown enemy.
Jack kept firing until he ran out of bullets.
Catherine wore a crown of flowers.
I have an incredible opportunity.
"I can give her no greater power than she has already," said the woman; "don't you see how strong that is?"
I shouldn't have told you nothin'.
George Jackson said in a telephone interview that he was confident that his team would win the series.
Apparently all that doesn't work perfectly yet, but the system is interesting.
Catherine looked through the text messages on Jami's mobile phone and it became clear to her that he was having an affair.
How to meet future energy demand is a big question we must consider.
Could you please transfer me to Mr. Smith?
Alex held a joint press conference with Emma today.
The touching episode came home to me.
Who's Oscar whispering to?
I have no strength to lift this stone.
It is very dangerous to jump aboard the train when it is moving.
Amy, you should marry him!
The article is terrible.
Fine dress helps impress, but intelligence makes steady friends.
Every Sunday, at exactly six in the morning, the priest opens the church doors and rings the bell.
Betty went to the sea yesterday.
The heat is terrible today.
She has beauty as a point in her favour.
Did you see that flash of lightning?
There's a new sheriff in town.
God said to him: I am the most mighty God of thy father; fear not, go down into Egypt, for I will make a great nation of thee there.
That sword is fit for a prince.
What are you doing bro?
This boy often breaks our window with his ball.
If you don't mind a ghost in the house, it is all right. Only you must remember I warned you.
She lives a block away and her name is Susan.
They call him Bruce.
It is like letting a tiger run loose.
Why is there a Miss Italy but no Mister Italy?
I'm extremely disappointed by the quality of the service.
William will be miserable in this kind of heat.
Daniel is making chocolate cake.
Oh, lord. There's been a terrible crash.
Keep the ball rolling.
Which lane would you recommend?
There are fifty stars on the American flag.
I heard them say something had happened in the lab.
The bullet train we were on pulled out at 12 sharp.
The staff in that restaurant gave us a very good impression.
He took over a new post at the military base.
What is the total area of Australia?
Roy denied having visited her yesterday.
That'll cost three hundred bucks.
Joe was the leader of a gang.
Can I talk to you for a sec?
No ghost was ever seen by two pair of eyes.
A brilliant future lay before him.
I make a doll for Anna.
And to those Americans whose support I have yet to earn, I may not have won your vote tonight, but I hear your voices.
The ceremony was held in honor of the guest from China.
Tony started dating Angela five months ago.
Mr Jordan sat down beside him.
Nobody believed Kevin because all he ever told were tall stories.
This is the most massive structure I have ever seen.
Adam has been in tight spots before.
Through the ages, human beings have looked up in wonder at the moon and the stars - just as I did last night.
Run, comrade, the old world is behind you!
Charlie knew Valentina was falling for him when she laughed at his terrible jokes.
He is of noble blood.
I so want to take you with me to the sea on Saturday.
She has a screw loose.
I am going to introduce you to the rest of the crew.
He had heard stories about an ancient god who had left his land centuries before by ship.
When Adam was accused of the murder, he broke out in a cold sweat.
I saw a figure approaching in the distance.
Jacob picked up the bottle, but had trouble opening it.
Ugh, I have to study for tomorrow's test.
Does Jack have a civil service job?
Clothes make the man. Naked people have little or no influence on society.
Why would you appear in my unit?
My plastic bottle broke.
Fate brings us what we don't often wait for.
George put the car into gear and slowly pulled out of the parking lot.
A tiny bird became Adam's best friend.
Nuclear power is safe.
Surrender to the enemy.
Mr Smith is a candidate for mayor.
The President had the power to save the men from execution at the stroke of a pen.
Margaret and her staff can manage that.
Even the best-laid plans can go bust.
Alex is a pal of mine.
He didn't catch the signal.
James likes to make his own energy bars.
They would have done him no harm, but would perhaps have been on their guard against injury.
As a secretary, he can easily arrange that.
Jeff seems to know who she is.
It is sometimes an appropriate response to reality to go insane.
"Hey, you were on the trail last week." "Yes! I've come back for more damage!"
Some people insist that television does more harm than good.
I thought that we were equal partners.
I ran into Bernard yesterday in a restaurant.
Nancy will never go on a date with me. She's out of my league.
Lucy is a babe.
What a total blast!
"I think it's kinda weird," he said.
Charlie missed no opportunity to recall that he'd caught exactly one fish more than John.
See that all the items are arranged in a row.
All his political enemies showed themselves at his funeral.
He's like a big teddy bear.
We have named our cats Muhammad and Jerry.
The American Civil War is the main theme of the book.
How does Oscar manage to keep a straight face?
The bird had a broken wing.
This land is sacred to my people.
Can you imagine what Charlie's reaction would have been?
His father answered, 'God will provide, my son, the offering for himself.'
I haven't seen anyone that enjoyed a better life than his, even though his living conditions were terrible.
Then he brought Simon to Jesus, who looked at him and spoke.
I made up my mind to get married to Margaret.
Joe finds it difficult to read small print.
I want to eat soft serve ice cream.
They decided to launch a major attack.
Alex heard a siren.
The Gloria Scott had been in the Chinese tea-trade.
Harry spent the whole evening searching the Web for photos of famous people.
Theory is quite useless unless it works in practice.
When a team makes its entrance, the captain leads the way.
Andy is never late for a date.
Hello! My name is Maria. I'm 23 years old and I come from Berlin.
He often eats out on Saturday nights.
Secret society is a fancy name for organized crime.
All right, I'm outta here.
The famous hotel was practically destroyed by a large fire.
The gate is closed all the year round.
Your journey starts here.
Harry survived for three years on a small island in the Pacific Ocean.
It takes more than a day to master a trade.
Dave never returned to school again.
I wipe the dining table.
Alex gave us a quick tour of his house.
I have a bat and ball.
The treasure lay hidden for a long time.
This truck was designed with the comfort of the driver in the mind.
You'll regret it if you stick your nose there.
I heard that Carol and Will have split up.
William reached into his bag and pulled out a deck of playing cards.
That teacher messed up my confidence.
Honestly, I'd be lying if I said I never regret my sudden decisions.
I will get revenge from you my enemy.
How do you like Texas so far?
We have the opportunity to make some changes.
Do you think Santa exists?
Oliver is a thrill-seeker.
I do basically the same thing as Muhammad does.
She was brought up according to the Jewish religion.
I have barely any strength left.
William Tell shot an arrow at the apple on his son's head.
If you need help, take a private class with Professor Wilson.
She is Alan's wife.
I didn't think that Jacob would hire a private detective.
"Whose gloves are these?" "They are Lisa's."
It's important to help victims of fate.
We need a square table; not a round one.
He is the boss's private secretary.
He has no connection with this affair.
If there is a right to life then there must be a right to death as well, otherwise the right to life wouldn't be a right but a duty.
There are cases where the system doesn't go.
She is studying law at the university.
There is a blank space in front of the first letter of this sentence that should be removed.
They found Rachel in great pain.
The police were able to link Joe's DNA to the crime scene.
The higher you go, the lower the temperature.
I will never go shopping with Jason again.
God is a Spirit: and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth.
Your arms and legs have grown strong enough.
"The answer's a lemon." "Why?" "Suck it and see."
Mark stayed in Rome for a long time.
Gosh, I'm hungry.
Destroy this temple.
Do you have a map of the downtown area?
There are plenty of guests in the room.
My goodness, how embarrassing.
That's including taxes.
The event starts at 1 a.m.
Geez, I wish this test would finish soon.
First l was afraid.
At any rate I will go out when it stops raining.
The goal of the center should be to train young people from other countries within a specific time period.
Your threats don't scare us at all.
Isn't he the graduate student of the University of Rome?
Uh..., where's the post office?
State your name and social security number, please.
Another run for the money, huh?
William served two terms in Congress.
The only thing that matters is the final product not the process.
"Do you notice anything different about me?" "Um... you cut your hair?"
We're gonna be a mommy and a daddy.
The opera ain't over till the fat lady sings.
Sandra has grown up to be a beautiful woman.
They don't have enough ground space to camp.
This conversation is over. Bye.
Wow. The stars are so beautiful out here.
They don't make 'em like they used to.
Is that correct, ma'am?
Mail service in that country is not quick.
He was found guilty of handling stolen goods.
"Professor, I know why!" "Why?" "Because!" "No!" "Ha, professor, exactly — but not absolutely so!"
Hmm. No one ever asks me.
He never laughs at my jokes.
Therefore, for the glorious God, you must accept each other, and accept Jesus Christ in the same way.
Tanks aren't afraid of dirt.
Oh no! I wasn't paying attention and left my cell phone in the restaurant!
Dude, you got to come see this.
I want to be a film star.
Whenever she comes back from a journey, she brings a gift for her daughter.
Muhammad was very frank.
Why is my buddy an idiot?
Before David arrived, Samantha started to set the table.
Some mean man is trying to buy Charlie.
Their relationship is falling apart.
They are going to put the bad law in force.
The bus service in this area is very good.
Don't blow your nose like that.
The smell was terrible.
Do y'all smoke?
Tommy pulled out his cell phone and made a call.
Paul, we can borrow up to 8 books.
Outside the house, Lieutenant Dan Anderson found Linda's shoes.
I love you, Mama.
The war on drugs has reached our neighborhood.
Joe sat down and told me directly: "I'm gay."
Do not eat pig. It's poison.
Oliver put the gun to his own head and pulled the trigger.
Hello, Honey.
Trick or treat.
Hold on tight, otherwise you will fall off.
Our revenge will be the laughter of our children.
Ladies and gentlemen, please sit down.
Wanna try the hot tub?
If a = b and b = c, then a = c.
Michael is a man's name, but Michelle is a woman's name.
Daniel came to his birthday party dressed as a clown.
Dan attempted to destroy evidence.
Could God create a rock so heavy that even He could not lift it?
They lost the DNA sample.
The gang established their base at an abandoned building.
We carry out some research into the causes of brain damage.
She liked men, if truth were told, a tiny wee bit more than women.
Pedro survived.
Women work on equal terms with men in this firm.
My car isn't fancy, but it gets me from point A to point B.
Creating is harder than destroying.
This is the chief aim of university education: to train the mind.
Jacob wanted to quit practicing law.
"Special forces might do a lot of things that regular troops wouldn't do" "Like torture?" "I won't answer this question"
"Bring me a cup of coffee." "I beg your pardon?" "I want a cup of coffee." "How dare you talk to me like that?"
Individual freedom is the soul of democracy.
Whenever he comes to this place, he orders the same dish.
I think the audience thought I was funny.
Your maid is not the first one to get screwed.
You can get a lot of bang for your buck at this store.
Hi! Thanks for flying with us. How are you today?
There are many wild animals in this area.
Adam isn't a good cop.
I'm stuck in LA for the night.
Her soul was in heaven.
Please, madam, help yourself!
I command you to release me!
Christ taught forgiveness.
Jami is a retired Army colonel.
"Why do you rob banks?" "Because that’s where the money is."
He is the soul of honor.
He is putting all his effort into the service of the business.
His body showed every mark of his strength.
Let's not jump the gun.
Cheers! Good health!
Aah, I'm somewhat angry!
Er...
Oscar used to work as a private detective.
It takes literally a minute to make the sauce.
Max looked into the mirror all the time he was talking.
There's no silver bullet.
Sarah was shaking.
"I am the Ghost of Christmas Present," said the Spirit. "Look upon me!"
All of these photos, too, have brilliant colors and are quite good!
The director of the firm was voted out of office due to the scandal.
I see the Mr. and the Mrs.
You rascal, why are you complaining so much?
Success has neither taste nor smell.
I can't figure out how Jack was able to plan a surprise party without me knowing about it.
I'm going to plant a bunch of pretty flowers in my garden.
Hold up there, sergeant.
This is my friend, Alex. I met them at work.
He put the final coat of paint on the wall.
Adam's solo was awesome.
There is not a ray of truth in it.
I'm terrible at keeping secrets.
l know he's stubborn, ill-bred, and what's more, he's crazy.
She drank straight from the bottle.
I'm the master of my fate.
Jacob has a terrible memory.
Neither the flowers nor the earth showed any sign of having been disturbed, nor were there any marks upon the narrow strip of grass which separated the house from the road.
Their grace comes from hard work, sweat, and pain.
That bug is gross.
He never lay down under the power.
I knew James was a gun owner, but I didn't know he had so many guns.
I said to the king: Your Majesty, please forgive me!
Make sure you don't get Tommy mad.
I trust Richard, who is a man of his word.
Billy's computer is new.
He said military force would not be needed.
I have a surprise for you, sweetheart.
Alex was last seen in the neighborhood the day before his ex-wife was murdered.
Security in this building is state of the art.
The stock market is insane.
I figure that my vote won't change anything.
The boat was sucked in.
America is the land of opportunity.
Don't bullshit me!
The teacher was really upset and threw Johnny out of class.
Huh? Or maybe did how many of what do what how? What do you think?
We're just average folks.
This brings back memories.
I teach Mr Lee's children English in exchange for room and board.
"My name's Joe. I'm from France." "Joe! You've gotta teach me English one of these days!"
Robin Hood robbed the rich.
The governor cut the tape and opened the new bridge.
Her cousin lives in Europe.
I shed a tear when I saw the tear in my dress.
We can file charges against Jami.
"Don't tell me: you lost the keys again." "I did not!" "So where are they?" "Um... I'll get back to you on that."
May I borrow your radio?
"Impossible!" cried the inspector.
Job security became a major worry.
Who was Oscar shouting at?
From all of us in the crew, we look forward to your flying with us again. We hope you have a nice day.
Tommy met with Anna to discuss the current financial crisis at the company.
Let me be your plus one.
The law doesn't apply to the powerful.
Here comes our teacher, Robert Brown.
Jack is on trial for murder.
A blow from a falling stone killed him.
They serve terrible food at that restaurant.
I truly regret that.
Adam said that it would be a simple rescue operation.
Oscar could use some cheering up.
You're my sweetie.
For every given male character, there is a female version of that character.
The main service center isn't here but in that building over there.
He ran through the streets naked.
He cheated his clients out of a lot of money.
Who hurts his nose, also hurts his face.
All my heart, all my soul belong to you.
How old is your grandpa?
You can't treat the class as a whole, but must pay attention to each member.
This is a training camp.
This is an issue where there is a little bit of space between your position and my own.
Could you add up these numbers for me?
Roger liked writing songs. He also liked to perform his own songs on the stage.
Aw, how can you say that?
He committed himself to the investigation.
The nurse took my blood pressure.
The choice of example sentence wasn't wise.
The same sentence could have the force of a command.
Bye, Oscar.
She has many friends in Hong Kong.
William's knees were slightly sore from walking mile after mile.
Did you know that the Earth is not perfectly round?
There is only one meaning of life: the act of living itself.
The car fire destroyed any possible evidence.
George pulled a funny face to try to stop his baby crying.
That'll teach 'em.
Amy wants something new to wear.
John is senior to Robert.
The heat was terrible.
If you go on at that rate, you will surely fail.
Can I take your order, ma'am?
Charlie called the sheriff's office.
I wonder the same thing, bro.
Alex has a reputation of never letting anyone else say anything.
Charles is a French citizen.
Oscar pulled out his sword and raised it.
Your plan's no good. - Ha, so now it's "my" plan!
I want to go back to the lab.
There is a military base near here.
That's why they pay us the big bucks.
We spent seven thousand dollars on drinks in total.
You shall have joy, or you shall have power, said God; you shall not have both.
I live my life in growing rings which move out over the things around me. Perhaps I'll never complete the last, but that's what I mean to try.
Anna is twelve years old.
We must be prepared for sudden changes.
Hmm...
Everybody but Tommy laughs.
Why did God create the universe?
The figure the child drew on the paper was a five-pointed star.
Kevin was brought up by his aunt in the country.
I'll be off duty at noon on Saturday.
Don't screw with me!
Let me introduce you to Mr. Brown.
This is an ancient law.
France is in western Europe.
I'm the one who suggested opening a bottle of wine.
The police say there's someone pulling string behind the scenes.
I think it'll taste better if you add a little salt and pepper.
Our world is only a tiny part of the universe.
Here is the latest interview!
Dude, you're so dumb when it comes to women...
Our mayor is a good and wise man.
She and her staff can manage that.
Hey pal. I just want to help you.
The signal turned from red to green.
Tommy is friends with Jeff.
I prefer to watch films in the original.
Lord, guard and guide us today!
Round here, we make the law.
How am I gonna get started talking to this beautiful babe?
I kinda have my doubts whether this shop will ever pay its way.
Rosie was allowed to stay up till eleven o'clock.
A mental block stopped me from speaking.
They made a toast at his funeral.
In order to solve a difficult problem, the burden is on us to reach a higher level of thinking than the one we had when we created the problem.
They named their cats Jami and Jerry.
Alex seems to be barely paying attention.
My father is frank.
How did you manage to keep a straight face?
They can produce the same goods at a far lower cost.
How are you, buddy?
Simon says: "Stand!"
I just learned something new about David Cameron.
We gotta have all the data in there.
Big Charlie’s mother’s name is Red Woman.
She was a tall, thin girl with long, soft brown hair.
Hello, this is room service.
Normally, I'm a very peaceful man. But if my family is threatened, there's no telling what I'll do.
Scott first changed a watch for a book, then the book for money.
I was looking for Andy. You don't know where he is?
The cow is a symbol of Europe.
Get outta here!
The theory is not accepted.
The police officer said he believes the suspect has a direct connection to the crime.
People call him Dave.
While we hate force, we recognize the need for law and order.
I think Charlie didn't want to hang out with you guys two nights in a row.
Margaret's house lay hidden in a small wood.
I regret losing that opportunity.
Don't try to make dramatic changes to your diet all at once.
The best revenge is not to be like your enemy.
Canada has signed a trade agreement with the European Union.
The police believe the victim knew his killer.
Your nose is running. Blow it.
That's basically why I came.
They said goodbye to their families.
William is so organized. He's always on top of things.
Hope, not fear, is the creative principle in human affairs.
You smell terrible.
Peter drinks, and that is why his nose is red.
When was the Second Temple destroyed?
Y'all must stay.
Fingerprints left in the room proved the murderer's guilt.
That's kind of you, Lisa.
The room's area is two and half square meters.
Thousands of people became victims of this disease.
Jami works for me as my private secretary.
George has helped the police with several major cases.
The sea is pretty rough today.
Jack isn't a lieutenant.
He is studying law at the university.
Harry played Big Fat Mama on the piano.
We went on a tour boat.
I especially want to thank our record-breaking sales team.
That's my friend Rachel. We go to school together.
Joe makes art out of otherwise useless things.
Act in such a way that you treat humanity, whether in your own person or in the person of any other, never merely as a means to an end, but always at the same time as an end.
You don't need to repeat it a thousand times.
If by some chance Jason calls me, tell him I'm not here.
Charlie has grown in strength.
You suck at writing code.
Oh my gosh!
Dan turned over to the police the gun he had found in the woods.
The butcher is cutting the meat.
I actually do have a map of this area.
An enormous bull charged at him.
Among the guests were two foreign women.
Oh my goodness!
The event starts at ten at night.
At any rate, I can go out when it stops raining.
At the end of the sentence, you should add a period.
Do you wanna sacrifice something?
What country has the absolute advantage in the production of corn?
Stars began to appear in the sky.
He was in the process of making a final decision.
He trusted his defense attorney.
The spell was broken and the pig turned into a man.
I want to live so that the funeral home would be full of people who cared about me, once I die.
I want to introduce you to my parents next Saturday.
Life is like a train, Mademoiselle. It goes on.
The new term starts in April in Japan.
Lucy turned on the light switch.
This guy's photos truly have a touch of genius to them.
George is having trouble dealing with the fact that his father was a mass murderer.
I would truly appreciate your kind understanding of my reasons.
Life isn't a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced.
How can we expect men to be gentlemen when women themselves aren't ladies?
The guide led William through the jungle to show him the Indian village.
Harry no longer has the energy to compete.
I bought all sorts of sexual toys for my honeymoon.
Their job is to check the security system.
Once you break the seal, you can't return the tape.
Jacob ran into a squad of police officers armed to the teeth.
The soccer ball is round.
Wise men do not seek to gain anything, so they lose nothing.
Can you imagine yourself alone on a boat in the middle of the ocean?
I'm not training your officers.
Jami had plenty of reason to celebrate.
President Grant had done nothing illegal.
James laid flowers at Emma's grave.
I have a giant's strength to win your favor; but to lose you, none.
There are plans to build a power plant right here.
I've got a queen of hearts.
I didn't tell my parents that I had gotten an F on the test.
It hurts to see Eva suffer so.
The mail didn't deliver the order on the exact day.
This land belongs to the Royal Family.
Being a very particular person he always ties up loose ends whatever he does.
It was a wild goose chase.
They claim that they have psychic powers.
In the Soviet Union, there were maybe only official or political ideas.
Paul wasn't with Olivia when her purse was stolen.
There's nothing illegal about creating a shell company.
Some people bring joy wherever they go, and some people bring joy whenever they go.
Emily is a university student.
Medical science is always on the march.
As much as I like you, I think you can be a total jerk at times.
He looks like the yellow angry bird.
Peter is English. Is Susan English, too?
I suggest we move to a safer location.
Stop putting food on my plate.
He is knocking on his eyes in hunger.
"Little pig, let me come in." "Come in." "You know I'm the wolf." "Yes, I do. I hope you won't eat me, will you?"
He's got the bad habit of picking his nose.
The enemy attack ended at dawn.
Joe's statement is pure nonsense.
Well.. She said, that you wrote them back to Laura.
Harry said that he heard a lot of shots.
It could be a trap. Don't let your guard down.
Our family honour is at stake.
Carl looked very happy.
Wind is a cheap and clean source of energy.
Tim is Adam's twin brother.
I can't imagine Adam had any enemies.
We've got plenty of talent here.
What he said cast a chill on the gathering.
Having studied Japanese, Jenny had no trouble in Japan.
Dr. Clark, may I ask a favor of you?
We must destroy the evidence.
Religion is a threat.
You chose to do this. No one held a gun to your head.
Last year's Miss Universe winner is very tall.
She called her bear Ted.
We believed that the earth moves round the sun.
Luke, I am your father.
Dean really eats quite a lot, don't you think?
"Oh, hi mom. Were you listening or something?" "No, I was just passing by."
Charlie is groaning.
William took a bottle of pills out of his pocket.
The show is being recorded in studio 4.
Excuse me, does this train go to Washington Square?
The iron uses a lot of electricity.
Harry put bait on the hook.
Police is searching for the killer.
This is a major concern.
He committed many sins in his youth.
The law is not in effect any longer.
After 6 p.m. the employees began to disappear.
I have to iron this dress before putting it on.
